id_action	id_action_type	name	text
1	1	[Bear]	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon with Unown in its name to Unown . This power can't be used if Unown has 10 HP left. This power can be used even if Unown is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
2	1	[Chase]	As long as Unown C is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent's Active Pokémon tries to retreat, flip a coin. If heads, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon. Apply Weakness and Resistance.
3	1	[Engage]	When you play Unown E from your hand, your opponent may shuffle his or her hand into his or her deck and then draw 4 cards. Either way, you may shuffle your hand into your deck and draw 4 cards.
4	1	[Find]	Once during your turn (before you attack), if you have Unown F, Unown I, Unown N, and Unown D on your Bench, you may search your deck for a Trainer card. Show that card to your opponent, then put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
5	1	[Give]	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown G, Unown I, Unown V, and Unown E on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a basic Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
6	1	[Help]	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown H, Unown E, Unown L, and Unown P on your Bench, you may shuffle your hand into your deck, then draw a new hand of the same number of cards.
7	1	[Keep]	Your opponent's attacks, Pokémon Powers, and Trainer cards can't discard Energy cards from your Pokémon with Unown in their names. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.)
8	1	[Laugh]	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, each player shuffles his or her deck. This power can be used even if Unown L is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
9	1	[Quicken]	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to any of your Pokémon with Unown in its name during your opponent's next turn. If you have more than 1 Unown Q in play, use only 1 [Quicken] each turn. This power can be used even if Unown Q is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
10	1	[Search]	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at 1 of your Prize cards. Return that Prize card face down. This power can be used even if Unown S is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
11	1	[Tell]	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, look at your opponent's hand and show your hand to your opponent. This power can be used even if Unown T is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
12	1	[Vanish]	When you play Unown V from your hand, you may flip a coin. If heads, return 1 of your Pokémon with Unown in its name (other than Unown V) to your hand. (Discard all cards attached to that card.)
13	1	[Want]	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown W, Unown A, Unown N, and Unown T on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, put a Trainer card from your discard pile into your hand.
14	1	[XXXXX]	Whenever 1 of your Pokémon with Unown in its name uses its Hidden Power attack, flip a coin until you get tails. That attack does 10 more damage for each heads. If you have more than 1 Unown X in play, use only 1 [XXXXX] per turn.
15	1	[Yield]	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Psychic Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon with Unown in its name. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can be used even if Unown is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
16	1	[Zoom]	As long as Unown Z is Benched, you pay no Energy cost to retreat a Pokémon with Unown in its name.
17	1	Anger	Whenever 1 of your Pokémon with Unown in its name uses its Hidden Power attack, that attack does 10 more damage for each damage counter on Unown A. If you have more than 1 Unown A in play, use only 1 Anger for each attack.
18	1	Bench Guard	As long as Brock's Rhydon is Benched, whenever 1 of your Benched Pokémon is damaged, you may do 10 of that damage to Brock's Rhydon instead. (If more than 1 of your Benched Pokémon is damaged at the same time, you may use this power once for each of them.)
19	1	Berserk	When you play Feraligatr from your hand, flip a coin. If heads, discard the top 5 cards from your opponent's deck. If tails, discard the top 5 cards from your deck.
20	1	Buzzap	At any time during your turn (before your attack) you may Knock Out Electrode and attach it to 1 of your other Pokémon. If you do, chose a type of Energy. is now an Energy card (instead of a Pokémon) that provides 2 energy of that type. This power can't be used if Electrode is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
21	1	Call the Boss	When you play Giovanni's Persian from your hand, you may search your deck for the Trainer card named Giovanni, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
22	1	Clairvoyance	Your opponent plays with his or her hand face up. This power stops working while Omanyte is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
23	1	Conductivity	Whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card to a Pokémon from his or her hand, this Power does 10 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance) This power stops working if you have more than 1 Dark Ampharos in play or while Dark Ampharos is Asleep, Confused or Paralysed.
24	1	Cowardice	At any time during your turn (before your attack), you may return Tentacool to your hand. (Discard all cards attached to Tentacool.) This power can't be used the turn you put Tentacool into play or if Tentacool is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
25	1	Crystal Body	Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, other than damage, done to Suicune. This power stops working while Suicune is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
26	1	Cunning	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, look at the top card of your opponent's deck. Then, you may have your opponent shuffle his or her deck. This power can't be used if Dark Slowking is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
27	1	Curse	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another (even if it would Knock Out the other Pokémon). This power can't be used if Gengar is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
28	1	Damage Swap	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to another as long as you don't Knock Out that Pokémon. This power can't be used if Alakazam is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
29	1	Darkness	Whenever a D Pokémon damages 1 of your Pokémon, reduce that damage by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance). This power stops working if you have more than 1 Unown D in play. (This power even works if Unown D is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.)
30	1	Deep Sleep	As long as any Dark Gengar are in play, a player flips 2 coins for each of his or her Pokémon that is Asleep at the end of each turn. If either of them is tails, that Pokémon is still Asleep. This power stops working if Dark Gengar is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
31	1	Drive Off	As long as Light Arcanine is your Active Pokémon, once during your turn (before your attack), if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, he or she chooses 1 of them and switches it with the Defending Pokémon. This power can't be used while Light Arcanine is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
32	1	Electromagnetic Power	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may take 1 Energy card attached to 1 of your Magnemites, Magnetons, or Dark Magnetons and attach it to a different 1 of your Magnemites, Magnetons, or Dark Magnetons. This power can't be used if Magneton is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
33	1	Emerge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for an Evolution card named Koga's Beedrill and put it on Koga's Kakuna. (This counts as evolving Koga's Kakuna.) Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Koga's Kakuna is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
34	1	Energy Burn	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may turn all Energy attached to Charizard into R for the rest of the turn. This power can't be used if Charizard is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
35	1	Energy Charge	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), if Lt. Surge's Magneton is your Active Pokémon, you may take 1 Lightning Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon and attach it to Lt. Surge's Magneton. This power can't be used if Lt. Surge's Magneton is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
36	1	Energy Converter	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose 1 Basic Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon and choose an Energy type. Treat that Energy card as that type until the end is your turn. This power can't be used if Porygon2 is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed. If Porygon2 becomes Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed, the Energy card goes back to its original type.
37	1	Energy Drain	If an opponent's attack does damage to Koga's Muk (even if Koga's Muk is Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads and it has any, choose 1 Energy card attached to the attacking Pokémon and discard it. This power can't be used if Koga's Muk is already Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed when your opponent attacks.
38	1	Energy Evolution	Whenever you attach an Energy card to Eevee, flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for that evolves from Eevee that is the same type as the Energy card you attached to Eevee. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Eevee is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
39	1	Energy Trans	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may take 1 Grass Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon and attach it to a different one. This power can't be used if Venusaur is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
40	1	Evolutionary Light	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for an Evolution card. Show it to your opponent and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Dark Dragonair is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
41	1	Final Beam	When Dark Gyarados is Knocked Out by an attack, flip a coin. If heads, this power does 20 damage for each Water Energy attached to Dark Gyarados to the Pokémon that Knocked Out Dark Gyarados. Apply Weakness and Resistance. This power doesn't work if Dark Gyarados is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
42	1	Final Blow	If Heracross's remaining HP are 20 or less, you may make its Megahorn attack's base damage 120 instead of 60. This power can't be used if Heracross is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
43	1	Fire Boost	When you play Typhlosion from your hand, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for up to 4 Fire Energy cards and attach them to Typhlosion. Shuffle your deck afterward.
44	1	Fire Recharge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Fire Pokémon. This power can't be used if Typhlosion is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
45	1	Flee	If an attack does damage to Misty's Tentacruel while it's your Active Pokémon, you may switch it with 1 of your Benched Pokémon, which prevents all other effects of that attack on Misty's Tentacruel. This power can't be used if Misty's Tentacruel is already Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
46	1	Fortitude	If Giovanni's Machamp would be Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, Giovanni's Machamp is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP become 10 instead. This power can't be used if Giovanni's Machamp is already Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
47	1	Fossil	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from Mysterious Fossil and put it on your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward. Treat that card as a Basic Pokémon. This power can't be used if Omanyte is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed (or if your Bench is full).
48	1	Fragrance Trap	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, and if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose 1 of them and switch it with his or her Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Erika's Victreebel is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
49	1	Frenzy	If Dark Primeape does any damage while it's Confused (even to itself), it does 30 more damage.
50	1	Frog Song	Whenever Politoed's attack damages the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), if there are more than 3 Poliwags, Poliwhirls, Poliwraths, and/or Politoeds in play (including your opponent's), that attack does 40 more damage (no matter how many heads you get). This power stops working while Politoed is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
51	1	Gaseous Form	Sabrina's Gastly gets +10 HP for each Psychic Energy card attached to it. This power works even if Sabrina's Gastly is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
52	1	Gather Fire	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may take 1 Fire Energy card attached to 1 of your other Pokémon and attach it to Charmander. This power can't be used if Charmander is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
53	1	Gaze	Once during your turn (before you attack), choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon that has a Pokémon Power. That power stops working until the end of this turn. This effect ends if that Pokémon leaves the Bench. (Pokémon Power)
54	1	Gift	When you play Light Togetic from your hand, your opponent may search his or her deck for a Pokémon Tool card, show that card to you, and put it into his or her hand. Either way, you may do the same, and then each player who searched shuffles his or her deck.
55	1	Glaring Gaze	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, look at your opponent's hand. If your opponent has any Trainer cards there, choose 1 of them. Your opponent shuffles that card into his or her deck. This power can't be used if Noctowl is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
56	1	Hard Shell	Whenever an attack (including your own) does 40 or less damage to Shuckle (after applying Weakness and Resistance), reduce that damage to 10. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power stops working while Shuckle is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
57	1	Hay Fever	No Trainer cards can be played. This power stops working while Dark Vileplume is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
58	1	Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, remove 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Vileplume is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
59	1	Healing Fire	Whenever you attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to Blaine's Ninetales, remove 1 damage counter from it, if it has any. This power stops working while Blaine's Ninetales is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
60	1	Herbal Scent	When you play Meganium from your hand, you may flip a coin. If heads, remove all damage counters from all Grass Pokémon in play.
61	1	Hot Plate	As long as Dark Magcargo is your Active Pokémon, whenever a player puts a Baby Pokémon or Basic Pokémon onto his or her Bench from his or her hand, this power does 10 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.) This power stops working if Dark Magcargo is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
62	1	Howl	When you play Entei from your hand, you may discard the top 5 cards from your deck. (if you have fewer cards in your deck than that, discard all of them.) If any of those are Fire Energy cards, attach them to any of your Fire Pokémon of your choice. Using this power ends your turn.
63	1	Hydroelectric Power	You may make Floodlight do 10 more damage for each Water Energy attached to Lanturn but not used to pay for Floodlight's Energy cost. This power can't be used if Lanturn is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
64	1	Invisible Wall	Whenever an attack (including your own) does 30 or more damage to Mr. Mime (after applying Weakness and Resistance), prevent that damage. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power can't be used if Mr. Mime is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
65	1	Kabuto Armor	Whenever an attack (even your own) does damage to Kabuto (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack only does half the damage to Kabuto (rounded down to nearest 10). (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power stops working while Kabuto is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
66	1	Legendary Body	As long as Entei is your Active Pokémon, Entei and Energy cards attached to it aren't affected by effects from Trainer cards other than Trainer cards other than Stadium cards. As long as this power is active, discard all Trainer cards attached to Entei. (This power works even if Entei is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.)
67	1	Legendary Body	As long as Raikou is your Active Pokémon, Raikou and Energy cards attached to it aren't affected by effects from Trainer cards other than Trainer cards other than Stadium cards. As long as this power is active, discard all Trainer cards attached to Raikou. (This power works even if Raikou is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.)
68	1	Legendary Body	As long as Suicune is your Active Pokémon, Suicune and Energy cards attached to it aren't affected by effects from Trainer cards other than Trainer cards other than Stadium cards. As long as this power is active, discard all Trainer cards attached to Suicune. (This power works even if Suicune is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.)
69	1	Lightning Burst	Whenever you attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to Raikou, if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, he or she chooses 1 of them and switches it with the Defending Pokémon. This power stops working while Raikou is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
70	1	Long Distance Hypnosis	Distance Hypnosis - Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep; if tails, your Active Pokémon is now Asleep. The power can't be used if Drowzee is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
71	1	Long Distance Hypnosis	Once during your turn (before your attack) you may flip a coin. If heads defender is now Asleep; if tails, your active Pokémon is now Asleep. The power can't be used if Drowzee is affected by a Special Condition.
72	1	Magma Pool	If Magcargo is your Active Pokémon and moves to the Bench, remove 1 Fire Energy card attached to Magcargo, if any, and attach it to the new Active Pokémon. (You can't use an Energy card that you used to pay for the Retreat Cost.)
73	1	Matter Exchange	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a card from your hand in order to draw a card. This power can't be used if Dark Kadabra is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
74	1	Mimic	As long as Sudowoodo is your Active Pokémon, it copies all of the Defending Pokémon's attacks, including their costs. This power can't be used if Sudowoodo is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
75	1	Mind Games	Whenever your opponent plays a Trainer card, you may flip a coin. If heads, that card does nothing. Put it on top of your opponent's deck. This power can't be used if Slowking is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
76	1	Miraculous Wind	As long as Light Dragonite is your Active Pokémon, each Special Energy card provides Colorless Energy instead of its usual type and its other effects stop working. This power stops working while Light Dragonite is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
77	1	Natural Healing	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 1 damage counter from Blaine's Vulpix. This power can't be used if Blaine's Vulpix is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
78	1	Observe	Once during your turn (before you attack), you may look at 5 cards from the top of your opponent's deck and put them back in the same order.
79	1	Peek	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at one of the following: the top card of either player's deck, a random card from your opponent's hand, or one of either player's Prizes. This power can't be used if Mankey is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
80	1	Photosynthesis	All Energy cards attached to Erika's Oddish provide Grass Energy instead of their usual type. This power works even while Erika's Oddish is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
81	1	Playful Punch	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, do 20 damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon. (Apply Weakness and Resistance.) Either way, this ends your turn. This power can't be used if Elekid is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
82	1	Pollen Defense	If an attack does damage to Erika's Vileplume while it's your Active Pokémon (even if it's Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Confused. This power works even while Erika's Vileplume is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
83	1	Pollen Stench	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused; if tails, your Active Pokémon is now Confused. This power can't be used if Dark Gloom is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
84	1	Prehistoric Memory	Whenever an Evolved Pokémon attacks (even if it's your opponent's), it can use any attack from its Basic card or any Evolution card attached to it. It still has to pay for that attack's Energy cost. This power stops working while Aerodactyl is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
85	1	Prehistoric Power	No more Evolution cards can be played. This power stops working while Aerodactyl is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
86	1	Psylink	Sabrina's Alakazam always has a copy of every attack your Psychic Pokémon in play have (including their Energy costs and anything else required in order to use those attacks, such as discarding Energy cards). This power can't be used if Sabrina's Alakazam is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
87	1	Rain Dance	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may attach 1 Water Energy Card to 1 of your Water Pokémon. (This doesn't use up your 1 Energy card attachment for the turn.) This power can't be used if Blastoise is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
88	1	Rebellion	Whenever Misty's Gyarados attacks, flip 2 coins. If both of them are tails, that attack does nothing. Instead, shuffle Misty's Gyarados and all cards attached to it into your deck. (This power works even if Misty's Gyarados is Confused.)
89	1	Reel In	When you play Dark Slowbro from your hand, choose up to 3 Basic Pokémon and/or Evolution cards from your discard pile and put them into your hand.
90	1	Relaxing Scent	As long as Erika's Ivysaur is your Active Pokémon, whenever an attack (even your own) does damage to any Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack only does half the damage to that Pokémon (rounded up to the nearest 10). (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power stops working while Erika's Ivysaur is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
91	1	Restless Sleep	If your opponent's attack does damage to Rocket's Snorlax and Rocket's Snorlax is already Asleep (even if it's Knocked Out), this power does 20 damage to the attacking Pokémon.
92	1	Retreat Aid	As long as Dodrio is Benched, pay 1 Colorless less to retreat your Active Pokémon.
93	1	Revive Friends	Once during your turn (before you attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card named Kabuto and put it on your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward. Treat the new Kabuto as a Basic Pokémon. This power can't be used if Kabuto is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed (or if your Bench is full).
94	1	Scare	As long as Dark Feraligatr is your Active Pokémon, all of your opponent's Baby Pokémon Powers stop working and your opponent's Baby Pokémon can't attack. This power stops working while Dark Feraligatr is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
95	1	Scram	If Brock's Primeape ever has exactly 10 HP left, shuffle it and all cards attached to it into your deck. This power stops working while Brock's Primeape is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
96	1	Shapeshift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach an Evolution card from your hand to Brock's Ninetales. (This doesn't count as evolving Brock's Ninetales.) Treat Brock's Ninetales as if it were that Pokémon instead. It can't evolve, devolve, or use the Pokémon Power of that Pokémon. During your turn, you may discard the Evolution card attached to Brock's Ninetales. This power can't be used if Brock's Ninetales is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed. If Brock's Ninetales becomes Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed, discard all Evolution cards attached to it.
97	1	Shell Armor	You may reduce all damage done by attacks to Misty's Cloyster by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance). (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power can't be used if Misty's Cloyster is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
98	1	Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may change the type of Venomoth to the type of any other Pokémon in play other than Colorless. This power can't be used if Venomoth is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
99	1	Shock Blast	If Lt. Surge's Electrode is your Active Pokémon and gets damaged (even if it's Knocked Out), flip a coin. If tails, this power does 20 damage to each Active Pokémon. This power works even if Lt. Surge's Electrode is already Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed when it takes damage.
100	1	Sinkhole	Whenever your opponent's Active Pokémon retreats, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, this power does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.) This power stops working while Dark Dugtrio is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
101	1	Sneak Attack	When you play Dark Golbat from your hand, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If you do, Dark Golbat does 10 damage to that Pokémon. Apply Weakness and Resistance.
102	1	Soak Up	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may take up to 2 Grass Energy cards attached to other Pokémon and attach them to Erika's Bellsprout. This power can't be used if Erika's Bellsprout is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
103	1	Softboiled	When you play Blissey from your hand, you may flip a coin. If heads, remove 8 damage counters from Blissey. If tails, remove 4 damage counters from Blissey. Either way, if Blissey has fewer damage counters than that, remove all of them.
104	1	Spatial Distortion	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, choose a Stadium card from your discard pile and put it into play. (If there's already a Stadium card in play, discard it.) This power can't be used if Dark Porygon2 is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
105	1	Spikes	During your opponent's turn, whenever 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon becomes his or her Active Pokémon, Forretress does 10 damage to it. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.) This power stops working if Forretress is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
106	1	Step In	Once during your turn (before you attack) if Dragonite is on your Bench, you may switch it with your Active Pokémon.
107	1	Sticky Goo	As long as Dark Muk is your Active Pokémon, your opponent pays 2 more to retreat his or her Active Pokémon. This power stops working while Dark Muk is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
108	1	Strange Barrier	Whenever an attack by a Basic Pokémon (including your own) does 20 or more damage to Erika's Dratini (after applying Weakness and Resistance), reduce that damage to 10. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power stops working while Erika's Dratini is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
109	1	Strange Behavior	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to Slowbro as long as you don't Knock Out Slowbro. This power can't be used if Slowbro is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
110	1	Strikes Back	Whenever your opponent's attack damages Machamp (even if Machamp is Knoced Out), this power does 10 damage to attacking Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.) This power can't be used if Machamp is already Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed when your opponent attacks.
111	1	Submerge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may change Lanturn's type to Water until the end of your turn. This power can't be used if Lanturn is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed. If Lanturn becomes Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed after you have used this power, its type changes back to Lightning.
112	1	Summon Minions	When you play Dark Dragonite from your hand, search your deck for up to 2 Basic Pokémon and put them onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
113	1	Surprise Bite	When you play Dark Crobat from your hand, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This power does 20 damage do that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.)
114	1	Thick Skinned	Snorlax can't become Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, or Poisoned. This power can't be used if Snorlax is already Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
115	1	Time Travel	If an opponent's attack would Knock Out Celebi, flip a coin. If heads, Celebi is not Knocked Out and you shuffle it and all cards attached to it into your deck. This power doesn't work if Celebi is already Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
116	1	Toxic Gas	Ignore all Pokémon Powers other than Toxic Gases. This power stops working while Muk is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
117	1	Transform	If Ditto is your Active Pokémon, treat it as if it were the same card as the Defending Pokémon, including type, Hit Points, Weakness, and so on, except Ditto can't evolve, always has this Pokémon Power, and you may treat any Energy attached to Ditto as Energy of any type. Ditto isn't a copy of any other Pokémon while Ditto is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
118	1	Transparency	Whenever an attack does anything to Haunter, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of that attack, including damage, done to Haunter. This power stops working while Haunter is Asleep.
119	1	Trickery	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch 1 of your Prizes with the top card of your deck. This power can't be used if Rattata is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
120	1	Undo	Once during your turn (before you attack), if you have Unown U, Unown N, Unown D, and Unown O on your Bench, you may return your Active Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your hand.
121	1	Wild Growth	As long as Meganium is in play, each Grass Energy card attached to your Grass Pokémon instead provides GrassGrass. This power stops working while Meganium is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
122	2	Ancient Wind	Once during your turn (before you attack) if Aerodactyl is your Active Pokémon, you may ignore all Poké-Bodies until the end of your turn. This power can't be used if Aerodactyl is affected by a Special Condition.
123	2	Attract Energy	When you play Magneton from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may move any number of basic Energy cards attached to your other Pokémon to Magneton.
124	2	Backup	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have 2 or fewer cards in your hand, you may draw cards until you have exactly 3 cards in your hand. This power can't be used if Porygon2 is affected by a Special Condition.
125	2	Beating Wings	Once during your turn (before your attack), If Pidgeot is your Active Pokémon, you may shuffle 1 of your Benched Pokémon and all cards attached to it in your deck. This power can't be used if Pidgeot is affected by a Special Condition.
126	2	Bubble Turn	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Azumarill is on your bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, return Azumarill and all cards attached to it to your hand.
127	2	Burning Energy	Once during your turn (before you attack), you may turn all basic Energy attached to all of your Pokémon into Fire Energy for the rest of the turn. This power can't be used if Charizard is affected by a Special Condition.
128	2	Carry Off	Once during your turn (before you attack) you may flip a coin. If heads, look at your opponent's hand. If your opponent has and Baby Pokémon, Basic Pokémon, of Evolution cards there, choose 1 of them. Your opponent shuffles that card into his or her deck. This power can't be used if Crobat is affected by a Special Condition.
129	2	Chaos Move	Once during your turn (before you attack), if your opponent has 3 or fewer Prizes, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 Pokémon (yours or your opponent's) to another (even if it would Knock Out the other Pokémon). This power can't be used if Gengar is affected by a Special Condition.
130	2	Dark Moon	As long as Umbreon is your Active Pokémon and has a Dark Energy attached to it, once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at your opponent's hand. Choose from it a number of cards up to the number of Dark Energy attached to Umbreon and shuffle them into your opponent's deck. Your opponent then draws the same number of cards from his or her deck. This power can't be used if Umbreon is affected by a Special Condition.
131	2	Earth Rage	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Nidoking is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, put a damage counter on each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Nidoking is affected by a Special Condition.
132	2	Energy Connect	Once during your turn (before you attack), you make take one basic Energy cards attached to one of your Benched Pokémon and attach it to your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Ampharos is affected by a Special Condition.
133	2	Energy Jump	Once during your turn (before you attack) you may move an energy card from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Alakazam is affected by a Special Condition.
134	2	Energy Recharge	When you play Arcanine from your hand to evolve your Active Pokémon, you may flip 3 coins. For each heads, choose a basic energy card from your discard pile and attach it to Arcanine.
135	2	Energy Return	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you choose an Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon and return to your hand. This power can't be used if Espeon is affected by a Special Condition.
136	2	Energy Return	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may return an Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon to your hand. This power can't be used if Espeon is affected by a Special Condition.
137	2	Evolution Helper	Once during your turn (before you attack) if Nidoqueen is on your bench, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from your Active Pokémon and attach it to your Active Pokémon. (this counts as evolving that Pokémon) Shuffle your deck afterward.
138	2	Flame Vapor	When you play Gyarados from your hand to evolve your Active Pokémon, you may flip 2 coins. For each heads, discard an Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
139	2	Flower Supplement	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, attach 1 basic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Bellossom is affected by a Special Condition.
140	2	Fragrance Trap	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch the Defending Pokémon with it. This power can't be used if Victreebel is affected by a Special Condition.
141	2	Good Neighbor	Once during your turn (before you attack), if Wigglytuff is on your bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, each player removes up to 2 damage counters from his or her Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if you have already used another Wigglytuff's Good Neighbor Poké-Power this turn.
142	2	Happy Healing	Once during your turn (before your attack), choose 1 of your Benched Pokémon and flip a coin. If heads, count the number of Energy attached to Blissey and then remove that many damage counters from the chosen Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Blissey is affected by a Special Condition.
143	2	Harvest Bounty	Once during your turn (before you attack), If you attach an Energy card from your hand to your Active Pokémon as part of your turn, you may attach an additional Energy card to that Pokémon at the same time. This power can't be used if Venusaur is affected by a Special Condition.
144	2	Heat Up	Once during your turn (before you attack), You may count the total number of Energy cards attached to all of your Pokémon and all of your opponent's Pokémon. If your opponent has more total energy cards attached, you may search your deck for 1 Fire Energy card and attach it to one of your Benched Pokémon, if any. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Typhlosion is affected by a Special Condition.
145	2	Investigate	Once during your turn (before you attack) you may look at the top 2 cards of any player's deck or at to up 2 of any player's Prizes. Put any cards you looked at back in the same order. This power can't be used if Noctowl is affected by a Special Condition.
146	2	Ion Coating	You may use this power once during each of your turn (before your attack). All Lightning Energy attached to your Active Pokémon becomes Water Energy for the rest of your turn. (This effect ends if your Active Pokémon retreats or is returned to your hand). This power can't be used if Lanturn is affected by a Special Condition.
147	2	Jet Stream	Once during your turn (before you attack), if Blastoise is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy card attached to Blastoise, if any. Then, if there are any Energy cards attached to the Defending Pokémon, choose one of them and discard it. This power can't be used if Blastoise is affected by a Special Condition.
148	2	Lolling About	Once during your turn (before you attack) if Snorlax is your Active Pokémon, you may remove 1 damage counter from Snorlax. Snorlax is now Asleep. This power can't be used if Snorlax is affected by a Special Condition.
149	2	Magnetic Flow	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Magneton is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, choose 2 of your opponent's Pokémon that have Energy cards attached to them. Choose 1 of the Energy cards attached to each of those Pokémon and switch them between the Pokémon. This power can't be used if Magneton is affected by a Special Condition.
150	2	Major Tsunami	Once during your turn (before you attack), if Feraligatr is your Active Pokémon and if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, your opponent switches his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon. Either way, if you have any Benched Pokémon, switch Feraligatr with 1 of them. This power can't be used if Feraligatr is affected by a Special Condition.
151	2	Manipulate	When you play Gengar from your hand to evolve your Active Pokémon, you may put a Basic Pokémon (excluding Baby Pokémon) from your discard pile onto your bench. Then flip 3 coins. For each heads, choose a basic Energy card from your discard pile and attach it to that Pokémon.
152	2	Miracle Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), discard a basic Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, choose a basic Energy card from your discard pile and attach it to that Pokémon. This power can't be used if Togetic is affected by a Special Condition.
153	2	Miraculous Powder	Once during your turn (before you attack), you may remove all Special Conditions from your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Butterfree is affected by a Special Condition.
154	2	Moonlight	Once during your turn (before you attack), you may put a card from your hand back on your deck. If you do so, search your deck for a basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Clefable is affected by a Special Condition.
155	2	Plunge	Once during your turn (before you attack), if Poliwrath is on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, take all Energy cards attached to your Active Pokémon, if any, and attach them to Poliwrath. Then switch Poliwrath with your Active Pokémon.
156	2	Poison Pollen	Once during your turn (before you attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Poisoned. This power can't be used if Vileplume is affected by a Special Condition.
157	2	Psymimic	Once during your turn, instead of Alakazam's normal attack, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon's attack. Alakazam copies that attack including its Energy costs and anything else required in order to use that attack, such as discarding Energy cards. (No matter what type that Pokémon is, Alakazam's type is still Psychic.) This power can't be used if Alakazam is affected by a Special Condition.
158	2	Reconstruction	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have a basic Energy card in your hand, you may search your deck for an Omanyte or Kabuto card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Then put a basic Energy card from your hand into your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
159	2	Scavenger Hunt	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 2 cards from your hand into your deck. Then search your deck for an Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it in your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Furret is affected by a Special Condition.
160	2	Sleep Pendulum	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Hypno is your Active Pokémon, you may make the Defending Pokémon Asleep. This power can't be used if Hypno is affected by a Special Condition.
161	2	Sleep Pendulum	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Hypno is your Active Pokémon, you may use this power. The Defending Pokémon is now Asleep. This power can't be used if Hypno is affected by a Special Condition.
162	2	Soothing Aroma	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, remove 1 damage counter from each of your Pokémon that has any. This power can't be used if Meganium is affected by a Special Condition.
163	2	Strange Spiral	Once during your turn (before you attack), if Poliwrath if your Active Pokémon, you may discard a basic Energy card attached to Poliwrath. If you do, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused. This power can't be used if Poliwrath is affected by a Special Condition.
164	2	Strange Tentacles	Once during your turn (before your attack), as long as the number of Energy cards attached to the Defending Pokémon is less than the number of Energy cards attached to your Active Pokémon, you may choose an Energy card, if any, in your opponent's discard pile and attach it to the Defending Pokémon. This power can't be used if Tentacruel is affected by a Special Condition.
165	2	Streaming Mantle	When you play Magcargo from your hand to evolve your Active Pokémon, you may discard the top 3 cards of your deck and then shuffle 3 basic energy cards from your discard pile into your deck. If you do, your opponent must do the same.
166	2	Super Dynamo	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Electrode is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, choose a Lightning Energy card from your discard pile and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Electrode is affected by a Special Condition.
167	2	Tailwind	Once during your turn (before you attack), if Dragonite is on your Bench, you may reduce your Active Pokémon's Retreat cost to 0.
168	2	Terraforming	Once during your turn (before you attack), you may look at the top 4 cards of your deck and rearrange them as you like. This power can't be used if Machamp is affected by a Special Condition.
169	2	Venom Spray	When you play Beedrill from your hand to evolve your Active Pokémon, the Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned.
170	2	Water Cyclone	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Water Energy card from your Active Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Kingdra is affected by a Special Condition.
171	3	Anti	Lightning - You can't attach Lightning Energy cards to Zapdos from your hand to Zapdos.
172	3	Anti	Lightning - You can't attach Lightning Energy cards from your hand to Zapdos.
173	3	Conductive Body	You pay Colorless less to retreat Magnemite for each Magnemite on your Bench.
174	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Water, Lightning, or Psychic basic Energy card from your hand to Kingdra, Kingdra's type (color) becomes the same as that Energy card type until the end of the turn.
175	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Fire, Water, or Psychic basic Energy card from your hand to Lugia, Lugia's type (color) becomes the same as that as that Energy card type until the end of the turn.
176	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Grass, Water, or Psychic basic Energy card from your hand to Celebi, Celebi's type (color) becomes the same as that type of energy until the end of the turn.
177	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Fire, Lightning, or Fighting basic Energy card from your hand to Charizard, Charizard's type (color) becomes the same as that type of energy until the end of the turn.
178	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Grass, Fire, or Psychic basic Energy card from your hand to Crobat, Crobat's type (color) becomes the same as that type of energy until the end of the turn.
179	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Grass, Fire, or Fighting basic Energy card from your hand to Golem, Golem's type (color) becomes the same as that type of energy until the end of the turn.
180	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Fire, Water, or Lightning basic Energy card from your hand to Ho-oh, Ho-oh's type (color) becomes the same as that type of energy until the end of the turn.
181	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Water, Lightning, or Fighting basic Energy card from your hand to Kabutops, Kabutop's type (color) becomes the same as that type of energy until the end of the turn.
182	3	Dark Aura	All Energy attached to Tyranitar is Dark instead of its usual type.
183	3	Dark Gaze	As long as Umbreon is your Active Pokémon, Benched Pokémon (yours and your opponent's) can't use Poké-Powers.
184	3	Dense Body	Any damage done to Slowbro by attacks from Basic Pokémon (excluding Baby Pokémon) is reduced by 20.
185	3	Enervating Pollen	As long as Gloom is in play, Resistance on each player's Pokémon only reduces damage by 10.
186	3	Exoskeleton	All damage done to Metapod is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
187	3	Exoskeleton	All damage done by attacks to Forretress is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
188	3	Exoskeleton	All damage done to Kakuna is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
189	3	Extreme Speed	You pay Colorless less to retreat Arcanine for each Energy attached to it.
190	3	Fire Immunity	You can't attach Fire Energy cards from your hand to Moltres.
191	3	Fluff	During your opponent's turn, if Jumpluff would be damaged or affected by an opponent's attack and it already has at least 1 damage counter on it, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of that attack (including damage).
192	3	Gluey Slime	As long as Ariados is in play, each player must pay an additional Colorless to retreat his or her Active Pokémon. Gluey Slime can't make a player pay more than an additional Colorless to retreat a Pokémon, even if there is more than 1 Ariados in play.
193	3	Heavyweight	As long as there is a Grass Energy attached to Muk, you must pay an additional ColorlessColorless to retreat it.
194	3	Immunity	Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks done to Machamp.
195	3	Lightweight	You pay Colorless less to retreat Skiploom for each Grass Energy attached to it.
196	3	Lightweight	You pay Colorless less to retreat Hoppip for each Grass Energy attached to it.
197	3	Mirror Coat	If Wobbuffet becomes Poisoned or Burned by the Defending Pokémon's attack during your opponent's turn, the Defending Pokémon becomes affected by the same Special Condition.
198	3	Poison Resistance	Scizor can't be Poisoned.
199	3	Primal Aura	As long as Kabutops is your Active Pokémon, neither player can play Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards from his or her hand to evolve Benched Pokémon.
200	3	Primal Stare	As long as Omastar is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards from his or her hand to evolve his or her Active Pokémon.
201	3	Prismatic Body	Each basic Energy card attached to Ditto provides every type of Energy but provides only 1 Energy at a time.
202	3	Psychoflow	As long as there is a Psychic Energy card attached to Abra, its Retreat Cost is 0.
203	3	Pure Body	To attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to Entei, you must discard an Energy card attached to Entei. (Attach the Fire Energy, and then discard an Energy from Entei.)
204	3	Pure Body	To attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Suicune, you must discard an Energy card attached to Suicune. (Attach the Water Energy, and then discard an Energy card from Suicune.)
205	3	Pure Body	To attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to Raikou, you must discard an Energy card attached to Raikou. (Attach the Lightning energy, and then discard an Energy card from Raikou.)
206	3	Rare Metal	All basic Energy cards attached to Steelix provide Metal Energy instead of their usual types.
207	3	Rock Body	All Damage done by attacks to Golem is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
208	3	Self Healing	Whenever you attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to Flareon, remove all Special Conditions affecting Flareon.
209	3	Self Healing	Whenever you attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to Jolteon, remove all Special Conditions affecting Jolteon.
210	3	Self Healing	Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Vaporeon, remove all Special Conditions affecting Vaporeon.
211	3	Slippery Skin	As long as the Defending Pokémon is an Evolved Pokémon, Dunsparce's Retreat Cost is 0.
212	3	Suction Cups	As long as Octillery is your Active Pokémon, whenever the Defending Pokémon retreats, discard all Energy cards attached to the Defending Pokémon when it goes to the Bench.
213	3	Synchronicity	You may attach any Technical Machine to Xatu.
214	3	Thick Shell	All damage done by attacks to Kabuto from Evolved Pokémon is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
215	3	Vase Body	All damage done to Shuckle is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
216	3	Water Immunity	You can't attach Water Energy cards from your hand to Articuno.
217	2	Drive Off	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Swellow is your Active Pokémon, you may switch 1 of the Defending Pokémon with 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. Your opponent picks the Benched Pokémon to switch. This power can't be used if Swellow is affected by a Special Condition.
218	2	Energy Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard 1 Energy card from your hand. Then draw up to 3 cards from your deck. This power can't be used if Delcatty is affected by a Special Condition.
219	2	Energy Trans	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), move a Grass Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Sceptile is affected by a Special Condition.
220	2	Firestarter	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Blaziken is affected by a Special Condition.
221	3	Hard Cocoon	During your opponent's turn, if Cascoon would be damaged by an opponent's attack (after applying Weakness and Resistance), flip a coin. If heads, reduce that damage by 30.
222	3	Hard Cocoon	During your opponent's turn, if Silcoon would be damaged by an opponent's attack (after applying Weakness and Resistance), flip a coin. If heads, reduce that damage by 30.
223	3	Intimidating Fang	As long as Mightyena is your Active Pokémon, any damage done to your Pokémon done by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
224	3	Lazy	As long as Slaking is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Pokémon can't use any Poké-Powers.
225	3	Natural Cure	When you attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to Combusken, remove all Special Conditions from Combusken.
226	3	Natural Cure	When you attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to Grovyle, remove all Special Conditions from Grovyle.
227	3	Natural Cure	When you attach a Water Energy from your hand to Marshtomp, remove all Special Conditions from Marshtomp.
228	3	Natural Remedy	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you attach a Water Energy from your hand to Swampert, remove 1 damage counter from Swampert.
229	3	Protective Dust	Prevent all effects of attacks, except damage, done to Dustox by the Attacking Pokémon.
230	2	Psy Shadow	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Psychic Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. Put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Gardevoir is affected by a Special Condition.
231	3	Rough Skin	If Sharpedo is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Sharpedo is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
232	3	Rough Skin	If Carvanha is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Carvanha is Knocked Out), put 1 damage counter on the Attacking Pokémon.
233	2	Water Call	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Water Energy card from your hand to your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Swampert is affected by a Special Condition.
234	3	Withering Dust	As long as Beautifly is in play, do not apply Resistance for all Active Pokémon.
235	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Pikachu from your hand onto Pichu (this counts as evolving Pichu) and remove all damage counters from Pichu.
236	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Marill from your hand onto Azurill (this counts as evolving Azurill), and remove all damage counters from Azurill.
237	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Electabuzz from your hand onto Elekid (this counts as evolving Elekid) and remove all damage counters from Elekid.
238	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Wobbuffet from your hand onto Wynaut (this counts as evolving Wynaut), and remove all damage counters from Wynaut.
239	2	Chaos Flash	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Golduck is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon (choose 1 if there are 2) is now Confused. This power can't be used if Golduck is affected by a Special Condition.
240	3	Energy Variation	Kecleon's type is the same as every type of basic Energy card attached to Kecleon.
241	3	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to Kabuto by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
242	2	Fan Away	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, return 1 Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon to your opponent's hand. This power can't be used if Shiftry is affected by a Special Condition.
243	3	Fire Veil	If Arcanine is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Arcanine is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Burned.
244	3	Fire Veil	If Growlithe is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Growlithe is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Burned.
245	3	Glowing Screen	As long as Volbeat is in play, any damage done to Illumise by attacks from Fire Pokémon and Dark Pokémon is reduced by 30. You can't reduce more than 30 damage even if there is more than 1 Volbeat in play.
246	2	Healing Wind	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 1 damage counter from each of your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Xatu is affected by a Special Condition.
247	3	Intimidating Fang	As long as Arbok is your Active Pokémon, any damage to your Pokémon done by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
248	2	Lunar Eclipse	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Solrock is in play, you may use this power. Until the end of your turn, Lunatone's type is Darkness. This power can't be used if Lunatone is affected by a Special Condition."
249	3	Poison Payback	If Cacturne is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Cacturne is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned.
250	3	Poison Payback	If Cacnea is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Cacnea is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned.
251	3	Poison Resistance	Zangoose can't be Poisoned.
252	3	Primal Lock	As long as Aerodactyl ex is in play, your opponent can't play Pokémon Tool cards. Remove any Pokémon Tool cards attached to your opponent's Pokémon and put them into his or her discard pile.
253	3	Primal Veil	As long as Armaldo is your Active Pokémon, each player can't play any Supporter cards.
254	3	Rain Dish	At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Ludicolo.
255	3	Rain Dish	At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Lombre.
256	3	Rain Dish	At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Lotad.
257	3	Safeguard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Wobbuffet by your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
258	2	Solar Eclipse	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Lunatone is in play, you may use this power. Until the end of your turn, Solrock's type is Fire. This power can't be used if Solrock is affected by a Special Condition.
259	3	Super Suction Cups	As long as Cradily is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Pokémon can't retreat.
260	3	Uplifting Glow	As long as Illumise is in play, Volbeat's Retreat Cost is 0.
261	2	Dragon Wind	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Salamence is your Active Pokémon, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch. This power can't be used if Salamence is affected by a Special Condition.
262	2	Magnetic Field	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have basic Energy cards in your discard pile, you may discard any 1 card from your hand. Then search for up to 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. You can't return the card you first discarded to your hand in this way. This power can't be used if Magneton is affected by a Special Condition.
263	2	Loose Shell	Once during your turn, when you play Ninjask from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for Shedinja and put it onto your Bench. Treat the new Benched Pokémon as a Basic Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
264	2	Call for Power	As often as you like during your turn, you may move an Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon to Dragonite ex. This power can't be used if Dragonite ex is affected by a Special Condition.
265	3	Power Pinchers	As long as Crawdaunt is your Active Pokémon, when any of your Active Pokémon does damage to the Defending Pokémon, the attack does 10 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
266	3	Chain of Events	As long as Minun is your Active Pokémon, whenever your other Active Pokémon, if any, attacks, you may use Cheer On after the first attack (you still need the necessary Energy to use Cheer On). You can't use Cheer On more than once in this way even if your other Active Pokémon has the Chain of Events Poké-Body.
267	3	Chain of Events	As long as Plusle is your Active Pokémon, whenever your other Active Pokémon, if any, attacks, you may use Cheer On after the first attack (you still need the necessary Energy to use Cheer On). You can't use Cheer On more than once in this way even if your other Active Pokémon has the Chain of Events Poké-Body.
268	3	Thick Skin	Roselia can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
269	3	Wonder Guard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Shedinja by your opponent's Evolved Pokémon and Pokémon-ex.
270	3	Sand Guard	Whenever Flygon would be damaged by your opponent's attack (after applying Weakness and Resistance), flip a coin. If heads, reduce that damage by 20.
271	3	Intimidating Fang	As long as Salamence is your Active Pokémon, any damage done to your Pokémon by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
272	3	Energy Guard	As long as Shelgon has any basic Energy cards attached to it, damage done to Shelgon by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
273	3	Levitate	If Vibrava has any basic Energy cards attached to it, Vibrava's Retreat Cost is 0.
274	3	Submerge	As long as Whiscash is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to Whiscash by opponent's attacks.
275	3	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to Pineco by attacks is reduced by 10. (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
276	3	Conductivity	As long as Ampharos ex is in play, whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card to his or her Pokémon from hand, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon. You can't put more than 1 damage counter even if there is more than 1 Ampharos ex in play.
277	3	Toxic Gas	As long as Muk ex is your Active Pokémon, ignore all Poké-Powers and Poké-Bodies other than Toxic Gas.
278	2	Power Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move any number of basic Energy cards attached to 1 of your Pokémon with Team Aqua in its name to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Team Aqua's Manectric is affected by a Special Condition.
279	2	Magma Switch	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move an Energy card attached to your Pokémon with Team Magma in its name to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Team Magma's Claydol is affected by a Special Condition.
280	2	Overheat	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your discard pile for a basic Energy card and attach it to Team Magma's Camerupt. Put 2 damage counters on Team Mamga's Camerupt. This power can't be used if Team Magma's Camerupt is affected by a Special Condition.
281	2	Auxiliary Light	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a basic Energy card from your hand to Team Aqua's Lanturn. Put 2 damage counters on Team Aqua's Lanturn. This power can't be used if Team Aqua's Lanturn is affected by a Special Condition.
282	2	Call for Help	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Team Magma's Mightyena is your Active Pokémon, you may search your deck for a Pokémon with Team Magma in its name, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Team Magma's Mightyena is affected by a Special Condition.
283	3	Power Saver	As long as the number of Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) that has Team Aqua in its name is 3 or less, Team Aqua's Kyogre can't attack.
284	3	Power Saver	As long as the number of Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) that has Team Magma in its name is 3 or less, Team Magma's Groudon can't attack.
285	3	Dark Lift	If Team Aqua's Carvanha has any Darkness Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Team Aqua's Carvanha is 0."
286	3	Shell Retreat	As long as Squirtle has any Energy cards attached to it, damage done to Squirtle by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
287	3	Primal Vibes	As long as Cradily ex is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play a Pokémon from his or her hand to evolve his or her Active Pokémon.
288	2	Metal Juncture	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Metal Energy card attached to 1 of your Benched Pokémon to your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Metagross is affected by a Special Condition.
289	2	Healing Shower	Once during your turn, when you play Milotic from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may remove all damage counters from all of your Pokémon and your opponent's Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex).
290	2	Crush Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may reveal the top card of your deck. If that card is a basic Energy card, attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. If not, put the card back on your deck. This power can't be used if Walrein is affected by a Special Condition.
291	2	Heal Dance	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 2 damage counters from 1 of your Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Heal Dance Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Bellossom is affected by a Special Condition.
292	2	Temperamental Weather	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for Castform, Sunny Castform, or Snow-cloud Castform and switch it with Rain Castform. (Any cards attached to Rain Castform, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) Shuffle Rain Castform back into your deck. You can't use more than 1 Temperamental Weather Poké-Power each turn.
293	2	Temperamental Weather	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for Castform, Rain Castform, or Sunny Castform and switch it with Snow-cloud Castform. (Any cards attached to Snow-cloud Castform, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) Shuffle Snow-cloud Castform back into your deck. You can't use more than 1 Temperamental Weather Poké-Power each turn.
294	2	Temperamental Weather	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for Castform, Rain Castform, or Snow-cloud Castform and switch it with Sunny Castform. (Any cards attached to Sunny Castform, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) Shuffle Sunny Castform back into your deck. You can't use more than 1 Temperamental Weather Poké-Power each turn.
295	2	Magnetic Call	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Water Basic Pokémon and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Beldum is affected by a Special Condition."
296	2	Temperamental Weather	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for Sunny Castform, Rain Castform, or Snow-cloud Castform and switch it with Castform. (Any cards attached to Castform, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) Shuffle Castform back into your deck. You can't use more than 1 Temperamental Weather Poké-Power each turn.
297	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Jigglypuff from your hand onto Igglybuff (this counts as evolving Igglybuff), and remove all damage counters from Igglybuff.
298	2	Energy Grounding	Once during your opponent's turn, when any of your Pokémon is Knocked Out by your opponent's attacks, you may use this power. Choose a basic Energy card discarded from the Knocked Out Pokémon and attach it to Lanturn. You can't use more than 1 Energy Grounding Poké-Power each turn.
299	3	Primal Pull	As long as Claydol is your Active Pokémon, each player's Evolved Pokémon pays Colorless more Energy to use its attacks."
300	3	Overzealous	If your opponent has any Pokémon-ex in play, each of Machamp's attacks do 30 more damage to the Defending Pokémon.
301	3	Crust	Any damage done to Pinsir by attacks from your opponent's Basic Pokémon is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
302	3	Safeguard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Ninetales by your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
303	3	Deep Sleep	As long as Relicanth is your Active Pokémon, a player flips 2 coins for each of his or her Pokémon that is Asleep between turns. If either coin is tails, that Pokémon is still Asleep.
304	3	Levitate	If Beldum has any Energy attached to it, Beldum's Retreat Cost is 0.
305	3	Fast Feet	Dodrio can retreat even when it is Asleep or Paralyzed.
306	3	Ice Wall	Any damage done to Glalie by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon with any Special Energy cards attached to it is reduced by 40 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
307	3	Strikes Back	If Machoke is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Machoke is Knocked Out), put 1 damage counter on the Attacking Pokémon.
308	3	Levitate	If Metang has any Energy attached to it, Metang's Retreat Cost is 0.
309	3	Power Diffusion	As long as Rhydon is your Active Pokémon, prevent all damage done by attacks to all of your Benched Pokémon.
310	3	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to Clamperl by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
311	3	Core Guard	If Staryu has any Psychic Energy attached to it, damage done to Staryu by any attack is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
312	3	Freefloating	If Tentacool has no Energy attached to it, Tentacool's Retreat Cost is 0.
313	3	Mark of Antiquity	As long as Groudon ex is your Active Pokémon, each player's Kyogre ex and Rayquaza ex can't attack.
314	3	Mark of Antiquity	As long as Kyogre ex is your Active Pokémon, each player's Groudon ex and Rayquaza ex can't attack.
315	3	Crystal Body	Prevent all effects of attacks, except damage, done to Regice ex by the Attacking Pokémon.
316	3	Healing Stone	At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Regirock ex.
317	3	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to Registeel ex by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
318	3	Block Dust	As long as Vileplume ex is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play any Trainer cards (except for Supporter cards) from his or her hand.
319	2	Form Variation	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your discard pile for a Basic Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Ditto) and switch it with Ditto. (Any cards attached to Ditto, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) Place Ditto in the discard pile.
320	2	Quick Search	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose any 1 card from your deck and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Quick Search Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Pidgeot is affected by a Special Condition.
321	2	Strange Behavior	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to Slowbro as long as you don't Knock Out Slowbro. This power can't be used if Slowbro is affected by a Special Condition.
322	2	Head Trip	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Haunter is on your Bench, you may use this power. One of your Active Pokémon is now Confused.
323	2	Assistance	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Wigglytuff is on your Bench, you may choose 1 of your Active Pokémon and remove 1 Special Condition from it.
324	2	Energy Rain	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Water Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon. Put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon. This power can't be used if Blastoise ex is affected by a Special Condition.
325	2	Extra Energy Bomb	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard Electrode ex and all the cards attached to it (this counts as Knocking Out Electrode ex). If you do, search your discard pile for 5 Energy cards and attach them to any of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) in any way you like. This power can't be used if Electrode ex is affected by a Special Condition.
326	2	Energy Trans	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), move a Grass Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Venusaur ex is affected by a Special Condition.
327	3	Sooth Dust	As long as Butterfree is your Active Pokémon, remove 1 damage counter from each of your Pokémon between turns.
328	3	Safeguard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Dewgong by your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
329	3	Power Gene	As long as Nidoking is in play, your attacks by Nidoran ♀, Nidorina, Nidoqueen, Nidoran ♂, and Nidorino do 10 more damage to the Defending Pokemon.
330	3	Family Bonds	As long as Nidoqueen is in play, the Retreat Cost for Nidoran ♀, Nidorina, Nidoran ♂, Nidorino and Nidoking is 0.
331	3	Spiral	As long as Poliwrath is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Confused Pokémon can't retreat.
332	3	Fiery Aura	As long as Rapidash is your Active Pokémon, put 4 damage counters instead of 2 on Burned Pokémon between turns.
333	3	Rest Up	If Snorlax remains Asleep between turns, remove 2 damage counters from Snorlax (remove 1 if there is only 1).
334	3	Acid Sampler	As long as Victreebel is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each Defending Pokémon between turns. Acid Sampler stops working if your other Active Pokémon is not a Victreebel.
335	3	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to Cloyster by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
336	3	Retreat Aid	As long as Dodrio is on your Bench, you pay Colorless Colorless less to retreat your Active Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Baby Pokémon)."
337	3	Free Flight	If Fearow has no Energy attached to it, Fearow's Retreat Cost is 0.
338	3	Eerie Aura	As long as Hypno is your Active Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on each Pokémon that remains Asleep between turns.
339	3	Leaf Ride	If Scyther has any Energy attached to it, Scyther's Retreat Cost is 0.
340	3	Poison Payback	If Kakuna is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Kakuna is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned.
341	3	Energy Protection	Any damage done to Metapod by attacks is reduced by 10 for each Energy card attached to Metapod. You can't reduce more than 30 damage in this way.
342	3	Thick Skin	Persian can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
343	3	Thick Skin	Raticate can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
344	3	Protective Dust	Prevent all effects of attacks, except damage, done to Venomoth by the Attacking Pokémon.
345	3	Floating Electrons	As long as Voltorb has any Energy attached to it, Voltorb's Retreat Cost is 0.
346	3	Energy Flame	All Energy attached to Charizard ex are Fire Energy instead of its usual type.
347	3	Magic Odds	If Mr. Mime ex would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to Mr. Mime ex if that damage is 10, 30, 50, 70, 90, 110, 130, 150, or 170.
348	3	Magic Evens	If Mr. Mime ex would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to Mr. Mime ex if that damage is 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 120, 140, 160, or 180.
349	2	Froth	Once during your turn, when you play Azumarill from your hand to evolve 1 of your Active Pokémon, you may use this power. Each Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
350	2	Black Beam	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Dark Crobat is your Active Pokémon, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Poisoned. This power can't be used if Dark Crobat is affected by a Special Condition.
351	2	Darkness Navigation	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Dark Electrode has no Energy attached to it, you may search your deck for a Darkness or Dark Metal Energy and attach it to Dark Electrode. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Dark Electrode is affected by a Special Condition.
352	2	Cunning	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top card of your opponent's deck. Then, you may shuffle his or her deck. This power can't be used if Dark Slowking is affected by a Special Condition.
353	2	Dark Trance	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Darkness Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Dark Dragonite is affected by a Special Condition."
354	2	Gift Exchange	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Delibird is your Active Pokémon, you may shuffle 1 card from your hand into your deck. Then, draw a card. This power can't be used if Delibird is affected by a Special Condition.
355	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Magmar from your hand onto Magby (this counts as evolving Magby), and remove all damage counters from Magby.
356	2	Dark Spell	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Misdreavus is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This power can't be used if Misdreavus is affected by a Special Condition or if your other Active Pokémon is not Misdreavus.
357	2	Evolutionary Light	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Dark Dragonair is your Active Pokémon, you may search your deck for an Evolution card. Show it to your opponent and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Dark Dragonair is affected by a Special Condition.
358	2	Fire Breath	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Dark Houndoom is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon (choose 1 if there are 2) is now Burned. This power can't be used if Dark Houndoom is affected by a Special Condition.
359	2	Ripples	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Mantine). This power can't be used if Mantine is affected by a Special Condition.
360	3	Darkest Impulse	As long as Dark Ampharos is in play, whenever your opponent plays an Evolution card from his or her hand to evolve 1 of his or her Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Darkest Impulse Poké-Body each turn.
361	3	Buffer	If Jumpluff would be Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, Jumpluff is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
362	3	Dragon Veil	As long as Kingdra is in play, each of your Active Pokémon has no Weakness.
363	3	Holy Shield	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Togetic by your opponent's Pokémon that has Dark in its name.
364	3	Sticky Goo	As long as Dark Muk is your Active Pokémon, your opponent pays ColorlessColorless more to retreat his or her Active Pokémon."
365	3	Poison Payback	If Dark Sandslash is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Dark Sandslash is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned.
366	3	Sand Damage	As long as Dark Tyranitar is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Benched Basic Pokémon between turns. You can't use more than 1 Sand Damage Poké-Body between turns.
367	3	Powder Protection	Any damage done to Ledian by attacks from Pokémon that has an owner in its name is reduced by 40.
368	3	Saturation	When you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Quagsire, remove all Special Conditions and 2 damage counters from Quagsire."
369	3	Spiny	If Qwilfish is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Qwilfish is Knocked Out), flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, put 1 damage counter on the Attacking Pokémon.
370	3	Methane Leak	As long as Dark Weezing is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each Pokémon that remains Poisoned between turns.
371	3	Crust	Any damage done to Heracross by attacks from your opponent's Basic Pokémon is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
372	3	Buffer	If Skiploom would be Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, Skiploom is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
373	3	Insomnia	Drowzee can't be Asleep.
374	3	Buffer	If Hoppip would be Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, Hoppip is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
375	3	Dark Lift	If Houndour has any Fighting Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Houndour is 0."
376	3	Knockout Gas	If Koffing is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, the Attacking Pokémon is now Confused and Poisoned.
377	3	Scramble	As long as your opponent has any Pokémon-ex as his or her Active Pokémon, the Retreat Cost for Rattata is 0.
378	3	Dense	Any damage done to Slowpoke by attacks from your opponent's Evolved Pokémon is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
379	3	Saturation	When you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Wooper, remove all Special Conditions and 1 damage counter from Wooper."
380	3	Darkness Veil	As long as Rocket's Articuno ex has any Darkness Energy attached to it prevent all effects except damage by an opponent's attack done to Rocket's Articuno ex."
381	3	Dark Condition	As long as Rocket's Entei ex has any Darkness Energy attached to it, Rocket's Entei ex has no Weakness."
382	3	Strikes Back	If Rocket's Hitmonchan ex is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Rocket's Hitmonchan ex is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
383	3	Dark Lift	If Rocket's Moltres ex has any Darkness Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Rocket's Moltres ex is 0."
384	3	Dual Armor	As long as Rocket's Scizor ex has any Metal Energy attached to it, Rocket's Scizor ex is both Darkness and Metal type."
385	3	Dual Armor	As long as Rocket's Scyther ex has any Grass Energy attached to it, Rocket's Scyther ex is both Grass and Darkness type."
386	3	Dark Healer	As long as Rocket's Snorlax ex has any Darkness Energy attached to it, remove 1 damage counter from Rocket's Snorlax ex between turns."
387	3	Dark and Clear	As long as Rocket's Suicune ex has any Darkness Energy attached to it, Rocket's Suicune ex can't be affected by any Special Conditions."
388	3	Darkness Guard	As long as Rocket's Zapdos ex has any Darkness Energy attached to it, damage done to Rocket's Zapdos ex by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance)."
389	2	Psychic Trace	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Claydol is your Active Pokémon, you may shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw a number of cards equal to the number of cards in your opponent's hand. This power can't be used if Claydol is affected by a Special Condition.
390	2	Wishing Star	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Jirachi is your Active Pokémon, you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. Jirachi and your other Active Pokémon, if any, are now Asleep. This power can't be used if Jirachi is affected by a Special Condition.
391	2	Swing Dance	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw a card. This power can't be used if Ludicolo is affected by a Special Condition.
392	2	Super Connectivity	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your discard pile for a Psychic or Metal Energy card and attach it to your Active Pokémon. Then, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon. This power can't be used if Metagross is affected by a Special Condition.
393	2	Form Change	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for another Deoxys and switch it with Deoxys. (Any cards attached to Deoxys, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) If you do, put Deoxys on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Form Change Poké-Power each turn.
394	2	Happy Dance	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 1 damage counter from each of your Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Happy Dance Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Ludicolo is affected by a Special Condition.
395	2	Smooth Over	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a card. Shuffle your deck, then put that card on top of your deck. This power can't be used if Magcargo is affected by a Special Condition.
396	2	Night Vision	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Sableye is your Active Pokémon, you may look at your opponent's hand. This power can't be used if Sableye is affected by a Special Condition.
397	2	Fan Action	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch 1 of the Defending Pokémon with 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Benched Pokémon to switch. This power can't be used if Shiftry is affected by a Special Condition.
398	2	Magnetic Reversal	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Nosepass is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch. This power can't be used if Nosepass is affected by a Special Condition.
399	2	Distortion	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Crobat ex is your Active Pokémon, you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This power can't be used if Crobat ex is affected by a Special Condition.
400	2	Form Change	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for another Deoxys ex and switch it with Deoxys ex. (Any cards attached to Deoxys ex, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) If you do, put Deoxys ex on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Form Change Poké-Power each turn.
401	3	Safeguard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Altaria by your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
402	3	Hunch	As long as Beautifly's remaining HP is 40 or less, Beautifly does 40 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
403	3	Dark Protection	Any damage done to Crawdaunt by your opponent's attacks is reduced by 10 for each Darkness Energy attached to Crawdaunt (after applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't reduce more than 20 damage in this way.
404	3	Fast Protection	Prevent all effects, including damage, done to Ninjask by your opponent's attacks from his or her Basic Pokémon.
405	3	Empty Shell	When Shedinja is Knocked Out, your opponent doesn't take any Prize cards.
406	3	Lazy Aura	As long as Slaking is your Active Pokémon, any damage done by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-ex is reduced by 30 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
407	3	Dragon Aura	As long as Rayquaza has any basic Fire Energy cards and any basic Lightning Energy cards attached to it, prevent all effects, except damage, by an opponent's attack done to Rayquaza.
408	3	Metallic Lift	If Skarmory has any Metal Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Skarmory is 0.
409	3	Tropical Motion	As long as Tropius is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Pokémon have no Resistance.
410	3	Mirror Coat	If Xatu is Burned or Poisoned by an opponent's attack (even if Xatu is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now affected by the same Special Conditions (1 if there is only 1).
411	3	Self-control	Golbat can't be Paralyzed.
412	3	Carefree	Grumpig can't be Confused.
413	3	Aqua Lift	If Lombre has any Water Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Lombre is 0.
414	3	Natural Cure	When you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Lombre, remove all Special Conditions from Lombre.
415	3	Moonglow	The Retreat Cost for each Solrock you have in play is 0.
416	3	Intimidating Pattern	As long as Masquerain is your Active Pokémon, any damage done by an opponent's attack is reduced by 20 (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't use more than 1 Intimidating Pattern Poké-Body each turn.
417	3	Hard Protection	Prevent all damage done to Shelgon by attacks from your Pokémon.
418	3	Sunbeam	The maximum HP for each Lunatone you have in play is now 80.
419	3	Core Guard	As long as Starmie has any Psychic Energy attached to it, damage done to Starmie by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
420	3	Vigorous Aura	As long as Vigoroth is your Active Pokémon, attacks by each player's Active Pokémon (both if there are 2) do 10 more damage to any Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
421	3	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to Corphish by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
422	3	Mirror Coat	If Natu is Burned or Poisoned by an opponent's attack (even if Natu is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now affected by the same Special Conditions (1 if there is only 1).
423	3	Dense	Any damage done to Numel by attacks from Evolved Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
424	3	Fluff	Whenever Swablu would be damaged or affected by an opponent's attack and already has at least 1 damage counter on it, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of that attack, including damage, done to Swablu.
425	3	Self-control	Zubat can't be Paralyzed.
426	3	Commanding Aura	As long as Hariyama ex is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play any Stadium cards from his or her hand.
427	3	Dragon Boost	Once during your turn, when you put Rayquaza ex from your hand onto your Bench, you may move any number of basic Energy cards attached to your Pokémon to Rayquaza ex.
428	3	Dragon Lift	The Retreat Cost for each of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Baby Pokémon) is 0.
429	3	Blaze	As long as Blaziken's remaining HP is 40 or less, Blaziken does 40 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
430	3	Cursed Glare	As long as Cacturne ex is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't attach any Special Energy cards (except for Darkness and Metal Energy cards) from his or her hand to his or her Active Pokémon.
431	3	Dark Hole	As long as Dusclops ex is on your Bench, don't apply Darkness Weakness for all of your Pokémon in play.
432	3	Electro-guard	As long as Minun has any Lightning Energy is attached to it, Minun has no Weakness.
433	3	Feathery	As long as Swablu is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to Swablu by opponent's attacks.
434	3	Green Essence	As long as Sceptile is in play, each of your Active Pokémon that has Grass Energy attached to it can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
435	2	Heal Dance	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 2 damage counters from 1 of your Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Heal Dance Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Gardevoir is affected by a Special Condition.
436	3	Levitate	As long as Claydol has any Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Claydol is 0.
437	3	Magma Armor	Camerupt ex can't be Asleep or Paralyzed.
438	3	Mist	Any damage done to Altaria ex by attacks from Stage 2 Evolved Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
439	3	Mystic Scale	As long as Milotic ex is in play, each player can't play any Technical Machine cards from his or her hand. Discard all Technical Machine cards in play (both yours and your opponent's).
440	3	Rai-shield	Damage done to any of your Raichu ex in play by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-ex is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't use more than 1 Rai-shield Poké-Body each turn.
441	3	Submerge	As long as Feebas is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to Feebas by attacks (both yours and your opponent's).
442	2	Water Cyclone	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Water Energy attached to 1 of your Active Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Swampert is affected by a Special Condition.
443	3	Wise Aura	As long as Medicham ex is your Active Pokémon, each Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) (both yours and your opponent's) can't use any Poké-Powers.
444	2	Energy Connect	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a basic Energy card attached to 1 of your Benched Pokémon to your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Ampharos is affected by a Special Condition.
445	2	3-D Reset	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), return a Pokémon Tool card attached to 1 of your Pokémon to your hand. This power can't be used if Porygon2 is affected by a Special Condition.
446	2	Item Search	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Pokémon Tool card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Slowking is affected by a Special Condition.
447	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Clefairy from your hand onto Cleffa (this counts as evolving Cleffa) and remove all damage counters from Cleffa.
448	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Jynx from your hand onto Smoochum (this counts as evolving Smoochum) and remove all damage counters from Smoochum.
449	2	Snappy Move	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Aipom is on your Bench, you may draw a card. Then, discard all cards attached to Aipom and put Aipom on the bottom of your deck. You can't use more than 1 Snappy Move Poké-Power each turn.
450	2	Makeover	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a basic Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex). If you do, search your discard pile for a basic Energy card (excluding the one you discarded) and attach it to that Pokémon. This power can't be used if Smeargle is affected by a Special Condition.
451	2	Blissful Support	Once during your turn, when you play Blissey ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may discard all Energy cards attached to any number of your Pokémon and remove all damage counters from those Pokémon.
452	2	Devo Flash	Once during your turn, when you play Espeon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may choose 1 Evolved Pokémon on your opponent's Bench, remove the highest Stage Evolution card from that Pokémon, and put it back into his or her hand.
453	2	Golden Wing	If Ho-Oh ex would be Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may move up to 2 Energy attached to Ho-Oh ex to your Pokémon in any way you like.
454	2	Nurture and Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon. If you do, remove 1 damage counter from that Pokémon. This power can't be used if Meganium ex is affected by a Special Condition.
455	2	Bursting Up	Once during your turn, when you play Typhlosion ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, count the number of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. You may search your deck for up to that number of Fire Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Fire Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
456	2	Darker Ring	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you play Umbreon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
457	2	Night Cry	Once during your turn, if Rocket's Persian ex is on your Bench, you may search your deck for a Pokémon with Dark or Rocket's in its name. Show it to your opponent and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
458	2	Shuffle	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for another Unown and switch it with Unown. (Any cards attached to Unown, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) If you do, put Unown on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Shuffle Poké-Power each turn.
459	3	Intimidating Fang	As long as Feraligatr is your Active Pokémon, any damage done to your Pokémon by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
460	3	Lonesome	As long as you have less Pokémon in play than your opponent, your opponent can't play any Trainer cards (except for Supporter cards) from his or her hand.
461	3	Healing Aroma	As long as Meganium is your Active Pokémon, remove 1 damage counter from each Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) (both yours and your opponent's) between turns.
462	3	Super Suction Cups	As long as Octillery is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Pokémon can't retreat.
463	3	Spiral Swirl	If Poliwrath is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, the Attacking Pokémon is now Confused.
464	3	Dual Armor	As long as Slowbro has any Psychic Energy attached to it, Slowbro is both Water and Psychic type.
465	3	Burning Aura	As long as Typhlosion is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) between turns.
466	3	Intimidating Ring	As long as Ursaring is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Basic Pokémon can't attack or use any Poké-Powers.
467	3	Stages of Evolution	As long as Electabuzz is an Evolved Pokémon, damage done by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that has any Special Energy cards attached to it is reduced by 40 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
468	3	Stages of Evolution	As long as Hitmonchan is an Evolved Pokémon, Hitmonchan gets +30 HP.
469	3	Stages of Evolution	As long as Hitmonlee is an Evolved Pokémon, Hitmonlee's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
470	3	Stages of Evolution	As long as Hitmontop is an Evolved Pokémon, is your Active Pokémon, and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Hitmontop is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
471	3	Stages of Evolution	As long as Jynx is an Evolved Pokémon, prevent all effects of opponent's attacks, except damage, done to Jynx, and Jynx has no Weakness.
472	3	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Hitmonlee, Hitmonchan, or Hitmontop from your hand onto Tyrogue (this counts as evolving Tyrogue) and remove all damage counters from Tyrogue.
473	3	Intimidating Fang	As long as Granbull is your Active Pokémon, any damage done to your Pokémon by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
474	3	Dual Armor	As long as Magcargo has any Fighting Energy attached to it, Magcargo is both Fire and Fighting type.
475	3	Thick Fat	Any damage done to Miltank by attacks from Fire Pokémon and Water Pokémon is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
476	3	Dense	Any damage done to Quagsire by attacks from your opponent's Evolved Pokémon is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
477	3	Extra Tight	Prevent all damage done to Shuckle by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
478	3	Energy Evolution	Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to Eevee, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from Eevee that is the same type as the Energy card you attached to Eevee. Put that card onto Eevee. (This counts as evolving Eevee.) Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used when you attach an Energy card to Eevee as part of an attack's effect.
479	3	Free Flight	If Gligar has no Energy attached to it, Gligar's Retreat Cost is 0.
480	3	Overpowering Fang	As long as Feraligatr ex is your Active Pokémon, each player's Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) can't use any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies.
481	3	Silver Sparkle	If Lugia ex is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Lugia ex is Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads, choose an Energy card attached to the Attacking Pokémon and return it to your opponent's hand.
482	3	Danger Perception	As long as Scizor ex's remaining HP is 60 or less, Scizor ex does 40 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
483	3	Poison Resistance	Steelix ex can't be Poisoned.
484	2	Final Sting	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may Knock Out Beedrill. If you do, choose 1 of your opponent's Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned. Put 2 damage counters instead of 1 on that Pokémon between turns. This power can't be used if Beedrill is affected by a Special Condition.
485	2	Delta Charge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Lightning Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Dragonite is affected by a Special Condition.
486	2	Delta Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 1 damage counter from each of your Pokémon that has δ on its card. You can't use more than 1 Delta Heal Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Espeon is affected by a Special Condition.
487	2	Energy Jump	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move an Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Gardevoir is affected by a Special Condition.
488	2	Delta Control	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 4 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and put it into your hand. Put the 3 other cards on the bottom of your deck in any order. This power can't be used if Metagross is affected by a Special Condition.
489	2	Delta Switch	Once during your turn, when you put Mewtwo from your hand onto your Bench, you may move any number of basic Energy cards attached to your Pokémon to your other Pokémon (excluding Mewtwo) in any way you like.
490	2	Metal Navigation	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Metal Energy card and attach it to Starmie. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Starmie is affected by a Special Condition.
491	2	Crush Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may reveal the top card of your deck. If that card is a basic Energy card, attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. If not, put the card back on top of your deck. This power can't be used if Tyranitar is affected by a Special Condition.
492	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Marill from your hand onto Azurill (this counts as evolving Azurill) and remove all damage counters from Azurill.
493	2	Backup	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have less than 6 cards in your hand, you may draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand. This power can't be used if Porygon2 is affected by a Special Condition.
494	2	Prize Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose a card from your hand and put it as a Prize card face up. If you do, choose 1 of your face-down Prize cards without looking and put it into your hand. This power can't be used if Slowking is affected by a Special Condition or if all of your Prize cards are face up.
495	2	Duplicate	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for another Ditto and switch it with Ditto. (Any cards attached to Ditto, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) If you do, put Ditto on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Duplicate Poké-Power each turn.
496	2	Prowl	Once during your turn, when you play Persian from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
497	2	Evolutionary Flame	Once during your turn, when you play Flareon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Burned and Confused.
498	2	Evolutionary Thunder	Once during your turn, when you play Jolteon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
499	2	Evolutionary Swirl	Once during your turn, when you play Vaporeon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may have your opponent shuffle his or her hand into his or her deck. Then, your opponent draws up to 4 cards.
500	3	Delta Aura	If you have Latios or Latios ex in play, the attack cost of Latias's Extra Crush is now Lightning Metal Colorless.
501	3	Delta Aura	If you have Latias or Latias ex in play, the attack cost of Latios's Psychic Force is now Lightning Metal Colorless.
502	3	Delta Guard	As long as Rayquaza has any Holon Energy cards attached to it, ignore the effect of Rayquaza's Lightning Storm attack.
503	3	Delta Moon	When your opponent attaches a Special Energy card from his or her hand to 1 of his or her Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Delta Moon Poké-Body each turn.
504	3	Binding Aura	Your opponent can't play any Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards from his or her hand to evolve an Asleep Pokémon and can't attach any Energy cards from his or her hand to an Asleep Pokémon.
505	3	Delta Storm	As long as Sandslash is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon-ex between turns.
506	3	Body Odor	As long as Weezing is the Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon that has any Poké-Bodies between turns.
507	3	Reversal Aura	As long as you have more Prize cards left than your opponent, each of Hariyama's attacks does 20 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance) and damage done by the Active Pokémon to Hariyama is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
508	3	Beacon Protection	As long as you have Volbeat in play, prevent all effects, including damage, done to Illumise by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that has Dark in its name.
509	3	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to Shelgon by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
510	3	Shining Horn	As long as Skarmory is the only Pokémon you have in play, your opponent's Basic Pokémon can't attack.
511	3	Extra Protection	As long as you have Illumise in play, prevent all effects, including damage, done to Volbeat by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
512	3	Conductive Body	You pay Colorless to retreat Beldum for each Beldum on your Bench.
513	3	Thick Fat	Any damage done to Azumarill by attacks from Fire Pokémon and Water Pokémon is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
514	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Fire, Electric or Fighting basic Energy card from your hand to Charizard, Charizard’s type (color) becomes the same as that type of Energy until the end of the turn.
515	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Water, Electric or Fighting basic Energy card from your hand to Kabutops, Kabutops’s type (color) becomes the same as that type of Energy until the end of the turn.
516	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Fire, Water or Electric basic Energy card from your hand to Ho-oh, Ho-os’s type (color) becomes the same as that type of Energy until the end of the turn.
517	3	Crystal Type	Whenever you attach a Grass, Fire or Psychic basic Energy card from your hand to Crobat, Crobat’s type (color) becomes the same as that type of Energy until the end of the turn.
518	2	Reactive Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move a React Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Delcatty is affected by a Special Condition.
519	2	Shadow Curse	If Gengar would be Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
520	2	Support Navigation	Once during your turn, when you put Lapras onto your Bench from your hand, you may search your deck for a Supporter card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
521	2	Type Change	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Mew is the same type as that Pokémon (all if that Pokémon is more than 1 type) until the end of your turn. This power can't be used if Mew is affected by a Special Condition.
522	2	Evolutionary Fan	Once during your turn, when you play Shiftry from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may choose 1 of your Evolved Pokémon in play (excluding any Shiftry). Return that Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your hand.
523	2	Nectar Pod	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Stage 2 Evolved Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch. This power can't be used if Victreebel is affected by a Special Condition.
524	2	Reactive Generator	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Huntail has no React Energy cards attached to it, you may search your deck for a React Energy card and attach it to Huntail. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Huntail is affected by a Special Condition.
525	2	Reactive Recharge	If Magneton would be Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may move any number of React Energy cards from Magneton to your Pokémon in any way you like.
526	2	Emerge	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Cascoon is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from Cascoon and put it onto Cascoon. (This counts as evolving Cascoon.) Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Cascoon is affected by a Special Condition.
527	2	Power Circulation	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your discard pile for a basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck. If you do, put 1 damage counter on Sealeo. This power can't be used if Sealeo is affected by a Special Condition.
528	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Magmar from your hand onto Magby (this counts as evolving Magby) and remove all damage counters from Magby.
529	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Wobbuffet from your hand onto Wynaut (this counts as evolving Wynaut) and remove all damage counters from Wynaut.
530	2	Shady Move	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Banette ex is your Active Pokémon, you may move 1 damage counter from either player's Pokémon to another Pokémon (yours or your opponent's). This power can't be used if Banette ex is affected by a Special Condition.
531	2	Emerge Charge	Once during your turn, when you play Flygon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for up to 2 Energy cards and attach them to Flygon ex.
532	3	Reactive Protection	Any damage done to Aerodactyl by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon is reduced by 10 for each React Energy card attached to Aerodactyl (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
533	3	Ancient Shell	As long as you have Omanyte or Omastar in play, damage done to Kabutops by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
534	3	Stench	As long as Muk is your Active Pokémon, each player's Pokémon can't use any Poké-Powers.
535	3	Reactive Lift	As long as Wailord has any React Energy cards attached to it, the Retreat Cost for each of your Water Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) is 0.
536	3	Shining Horn	As long as Absol is the only Pokémon you have in play, your opponent's Basic Pokémon can't attack.
537	3	Rear Sensor	Each player's Active Basic Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) can't use any Poké-Powers.
538	3	Reactive Booster	Each React Energy card attached to all of your Huntail and Gorebyss provides 2 Energy of every type but has no effect other than providing Energy.
539	3	Dual Armor	As long as Lanturn has any Water Energy attached to it, Lanturn is both Water and Lightning type.
540	3	Sol Shade	As long as you have Solrock in play, each player's Fire Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) can't use any Poké-Powers.
541	3	Stages of Evolution	As long as Magmar is an Evolved Pokémon, all Energy attached to Magmar are Fire Energy instead of their usual types.
542	3	Ancient Fang	As long as you have Kabuto, Kabutops, or Kabutops ex in play, Omastar's attacks do 20 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
543	3	Shining Horn	As long as Pinsir is the only Pokémon you have in play, your opponent's Basic Pokémon can't attack.
544	3	Luna Shade	As long as you have Lunatone in play, each player's Colorless Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) can't use any Poké-Powers.
545	3	Pattern Distraction	As long as Spinda is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent's Basic Pokémon tries to attack, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, that attack does nothing. You can't use more than 1 Pattern Distraction Poké-Body each turn.
546	3	Stages of Evolution	As long as Wobbuffet is an Evolved Pokémon, your opponent pays Colorless more to retreat his or her Active Pokémon.
547	3	Deadlock	As long as Dunsparce is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Dunsparce can't attack.
548	3	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to Graveler by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
549	3	Ancient Protection	Each of your Omanyte, Omastar, Kabuto, Kabutops, and Kabutops ex has no Weakness.
550	3	Reactive Colors	If Kecleon has any React Energy cards attached to it, Kecleon is Grass, Fire, Water, Lightning, Psychic, and Fighting type.
551	3	Paranoid	As long as Machoke is Confused, Machoke's attacks do 50 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
552	3	Deep Sleep	As long as Misdreavus is your Active Pokémon, each player flips 2 coins for his or her Pokémon that is Asleep between turns. If either coin is tails, that Pokémon is still Asleep.
553	3	Reactive Aroma	As long as Roselia has any React Energy cards attached to it, remove 1 damage counter from each of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) that has any React Energy cards attached to it between turns. You can't use more than 1 Reactive Aroma Poké-Body each turn.
554	3	Reactive Healing	Whenever you attach a React Energy card from your hand to Tangela, remove all damage counters from Tangela.
555	3	Reactive Shield	As long as Tentacruel has any React Energy cards attached to it, prevent all effects, including damage, done to any of your Tentacruel in play by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
556	3	Ancient Tentacles	Damage done to your opponent's Pokémon by your Omanyte, Omastar, Kabuto, Kabutops, or Kabutops ex isn't affected by Resistance.
557	3	Poison Payback	If Wurmple is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Wurmple is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned.
558	3	Fire Remedy	Whenever you attach a Fire Energy from your hand to Arcanine ex, remove 1 damage counter and all Special Conditions from Arcanine ex.
559	3	Dual Armor	As long as Armaldo ex has any React Energy cards attached to it, Armaldo ex is both Grass and Fighting type.
560	3	Safeguard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Dustox ex by your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
561	3	Versatile	Mew ex can use the attacks of all Pokémon in play as its own. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
562	3	Icy Aura	As long as Walrein ex is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage count on each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) between turns, excluding Water Pokémon.
563	3	Jagged Stone	If Claw Fossil is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Claw Fossil is Knocked Out), put 1 damage counter on the Attacking Pokémon.
564	3	Spongy Stone	At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Root Fossil.
565	2	Major Tsunami	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Feraligatr is your active Pokémon and if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, your opponent switches his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon. Either way, if you have any Benched Pokémon, swtich Feraligatr with 1 one them. This power can’t be used if Feraligatr is affected by a Special Condition.
566	2	Psymimic	Once during your turn, instead of Alakazam’s normal attack, you may choose 1 of your opponent’s Pokémon attacks. Alakazam copies that attack including its Energy costs and anything else required in order to use that attack, such as discarding Energy cards. (No matter what type that Pokémon is, Alakazam’s type is still Psychic). This power can’t be used if Alakazam is affected by a Special Condition.
567	3	Dark Aura	All Energy attached to Tyranitar is Darkness Energy instead of its usual type.
568	2	Harvest Bounty	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you attach an Energy card to your Active Pokémon as part of your turn, you may attach an additional Energy card to that Pokémon at the same time. This power can’t be used if Venusaur is affected by a Special Condition.
569	3	Pure Body	To attach a Fire Energy card from you hand to Entei, you must discard an Energy card attached to Enteir. Attach the Fire Energy, and then discard an Energy from Entei.
570	2	Energy Return	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), choose an Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon and return it to your hand. This power can’t be used if Espeon is affected by a Special Condition.
571	3	Poison Resistance	Scizor can’t be Poisoned.
572	3	Pure Body	To attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Suicune, you must discard an Energy card attached to Suicune. (Attach the Water Energy and then discard an Energy card from Suicune.)
573	2	Delta Supply	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a basic Energy card or a δ Rainbow Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon that has δ on its card. This power can't be used if Flygon is affected by a Special Condition.
574	2	Dragon Curse	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Kingdra is your Active Pokémon, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon with δ on its card. This power can't be used if Kingdra is affected by a Special Condition.
575	2	Poison Pollen	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Poisoned. This power can't be used if Vileplume is affected by a Special Condition.
576	2	Primal Light	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Aerodactyl is affected by a Special Condition.
577	2	Delta Support	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have a Supporter card with Holon in its name in play, you may search your discard pile for a basic Energy card or a δ Rainbow Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. This power can't be used if Chimecho is affected by a Special Condition.
578	2	Splash Back	Once during your turn (before your attack), if your opponent has 4 or more Benched Pokémon, you may choose 1 of them and return that Pokémon and all cards attached to it to his or her hand. This power can't be used if Crawdaunt ex is affected by a Special Condition.
579	2	Psychic Vision	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Mew ex is on your Bench, you may look at your opponent's hand.
580	2	Driving Howl	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon and switch it with 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Benched Pokémon to switch. This power can't be used if Mightyena ex is affected by a Special Condition.
581	3	Delta Reactor	As long as any Stadium card with Holon in its name is in play, each of your Pokémon that has δ on its card does 10 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
582	3	Dual Aura	As long as you have Latios or Latios ex in play, each player's Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) can't use any Poké-Bodies.
583	3	Dual Aura (Duaru oora)	As long as you have Latias or Latias ex in play, each player's Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) can't use any Poké-Bodies.
584	3	Delta Reserve	As long as Pidgeot has any Holon Energy cards attached to it, each player's Pokémon (excluding Pokémon that has δ on its card) can't use any Poké-Powers.
585	3	Hydro Barrier	As long as Rayquaza has any Holon Energy cards attached to it, each of your Water Pokémon has no Weakness.
586	3	Fellowship	Bellossom can use the attacks of all Oddish, Gloom, Vileplume, Vileplume ex, or other Bellossom you have in play as its own. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
587	3	Clear Body	Regice can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
588	3	Clear Body	Regirock can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
589	3	Clear Body	Registeel can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
590	3	Aqua Lift	If Relicanth has any Water Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Relicanth is 0.
591	3	Delta Block	As long as any Stadium card with Holon in its name is in play, your opponent can't play any Stadium cards from his or her hand.
592	2	Peal of Thunder	Once during your turn, when you play Charizard from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck, choose as many Energy cards as you like, and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Discard the other cards.
593	2	Excavate	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the card on top of your deck. Put that card on top of your deck, or discard that card. This power can't be used if Sableye is affected by a Special Condition.
594	2	Crush Chance	Once during your turn, when you put Tauros from your hand onto your Bench, you may discard a Stadium card in play.
595	2	Spike Storm	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Cacturne is your Active Pokémon, you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that already has any damage counters on it. This power can't be used if Cacturne is affected by a Special Condition.
596	2	Delta Sign	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Pokémon that has δ on its card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Delta Sign Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Fearow is affected by a Special Condition.
597	2	Delta Transport	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Pelipper is on your Bench, you may switch 1 of your Active Pokémon that has δ on its card with 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
598	2	Echo Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw a card. This power can't be used if Swampert is affected by a Special Condition.
599	2	Constrain	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Each player discards cards until that player has 6 cards in his or her hand. (You discard first.) This power can't be used if Delcatty ex is affected by a Special Condition.
600	2	Energy Recycle	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your discard pile for 3 Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. If you do, your turn ends. This power can't be used if Swampert ex is affected by a Special Condition.
601	2	Time Travel	If Celebi Star would be Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may flip a coin. If heads, Celebi Star is not Knocked Out, discard all cards attached to Celebi Star, and put Celebi Star on the bottom of your deck.
602	3	Safeguard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Banette by your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
603	3	Shield Veil	Each of your Active Pokémon has no Weakness.
604	3	Delta Protection	Any damage done to Camerupt by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that has δ on its card is reduced by 40 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
605	3	Sand Veil	Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon by your opponent's attacks.
606	3	Overzealous	If your opponent has any Pokémon-ex in play, each of Ludicolo's attacks does 30 more damage to the Defending Pokémon.
607	3	Fluffy Fur	If Wigglytuff is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Wigglytuff is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Asleep.
608	3	Water Pressure	As long as Blastoise's remaining HP is 40 or less, Blastoise does 40 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
609	3	Cursed Glare	As long as Dusclops is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't attach any Special Energy cards (except for Darkness and Metal Energy cards) from his or her hand to his or her Active Pokémon.
610	3	Thick Fat	Any damage done to Grumpig by attacks from Fire Pokémon and Water Pokémon is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
611	3	Hover Lift	You pay Colorless less to retreat your Jigglypuff, Wigglytuff, Wigglytuff ex, and Igglybuff.
612	3	Dual Armor	As long as Medicham has any Psychic Energy cards attached to it, Medicham is both Psychic and Fighting type.
613	3	Chlorophyll	All Energy cards that provide only Colorless Energy attached to your Grass Pokémon provide Grass Energy instead.
614	3	Aqua Lift	If Lotad has any Water Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Lotad is 0.
615	3	Submerge	As long as Mudkip is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to Mudkip by attacks (both yours and your opponent's).
616	3	Solid Shell	Any damage done to Squirtle by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
617	3	Intimidating Armor	As long as Aggron ex is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Basic Pokémon can't attack or use any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies.
618	3	Extra Noise	As long as Exploud ex is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon-ex between turns.
619	3	Hard Rock	As long as Groudon ex has 1 Energy or less attached to it, damage done to any of your Groudon ex in play by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't use more than 1 Hard Rock Poké-Body each turn.
620	3	Star Light	As long as your opponent has any Pokémon-ex or Stage 2 Evolved Pokémon in play, Jirachi ex pays Colorless less Energy to use Shield Beam or Super Psy Bolt.
621	3	Flotation	As long as Kyogre ex has 1 Energy or less attached to it, the Retreat Cost for each of your Kyogre ex is 0.
622	3	Extra Liquid	Each player's Pokémon-ex can't use any Poké-Powers and pays Colorless more Energy to use its attacks. Each Pokémon can't be affected by more than 1 Extra Liquid Poké-Body.
623	3	Dark Eyes	After your opponent's Pokémon uses a Poké-Power, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
624	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Jigglepuff from your hand onto Igglebuff (this counts as evolving Igglybuff) and remove all damage counters from Igglebuff
625	2	Peal of Thunder	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Jigglepuff from your hand onto Igglebuff (this counts as evolving Igglybuff) and remove all damage counters from Igglebuff
626	2	Evolutionary Call	Once during your turn, when you play Meganium from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for up to 3 in any combination of Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards. Show them to your opponent and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
627	2	Sharing	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at your opponent's hand. You may use the effect of a Supporter card you find there as the effect of this power. (The Supporter card remains in your opponent's hand.) You can't use more than 1 Sharing Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Milotic is affected by a Special Condition.
628	2	Invitation	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Basic Pokémon or Evolution card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Nidoqueen is affected by a Special Condition.
629	2	Volunteer	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 4 damage counters from Ninetales and discard Ninetales from Vulpix. If you do, search your deck for Ninetales or Ninetales ex and put it onto Vulpix (this counts as evolving Vulpix). Shuffle your deck afterward.
630	2	Shady Move	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Typhlosion is your Active Pokémon, you may move 1 damage counter from either player's Pokémon to another Pokémon (yours or your opponent's). This power can't be used if Typhlosion is affected by a Special Condition.
631	2	Prowl	Once during your turn, when you play Ledian from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
632	2	Power Circulation	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your discard pile for a basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck. If you do, put 1 damage counter on Mantine. This power can't be used if Mantine is affected by a Special Condition.
633	2	Dig up	Once during your turn, when you play Quagsire from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
634	2	Tropical Heal	Once during your turn, when you put Tropius from your hand onto your Bench, you may remove all Special Conditions, Imprison markers, and Shock-wave markers from your Pokémon.
635	2	Power of Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Electabuzz is an Evolved Pokémon, you may draw a card from the bottom of your deck. This power can't be used if Electabuzz is affected by a Special Condition.
636	2	Extra Boost	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a basic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Stage 2 Pokémon-ex. This power can't be used if Altaria ex is affected by a Special Condition.
637	2	Imprison	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Gardevoir ex is your Active Pokémon, you may put an Imprison marker on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Any Pokémon that has any Imprison markers on it can't use any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies. This power can't be used if Gardevoir ex is affected by a Special Condition.
638	2	Fellow Boost	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a basic Energy card from your hand to your Latias, Latias ex, Latios or Latios ex. If you do, your turn ends. This power can't be used if Latias ex is affected by a Special Condition.
639	2	Type Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Salamence ex's type is Fire until the end of your turn.
640	3	Holon Veil	Treat each Basic Pokémon and Evolution card in your deck, in your discard pile, in your hand, and in play as a Pokémon that has δ on its card.
641	3	Battle Aura	Each of your Pokémon that has δ on its card does 10 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
642	3	Shining Horn	As long as Heracross is the only Pokémon you have in play, your opponent's Basic Pokémon can't attack.
643	3	Armor	If your opponent has 5 or more cards in his or her hand, any damage done to Pinsir by attacks is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
644	3	Bedhead	As long as Snorlax remains Asleep between turns, put 2 damage counters on 1 of the Defending Pokémon.
645	3	Solid Shell	Prevent all of effects of attacks, including damage, done by your opponent's Pokémon to each of your Benched Pokémon that has δ on its card.
646	3	Delta Protection	Any damage done to Dewgong by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that has δ on its card is reduced by 40 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
647	3	Stages of Evolution	As long as Jynx is an Evolved Pokémon, you pay Colorless less to retreat your Fire and Psychic Pokémon.
648	3	Psychic Wing	If Vibrava has any Psychic Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Vibrava is 0.
649	3	Extra Feather	Each of your Stage 2 Pokémon-ex does 10 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
650	3	Extra Wing	The Retreat Cost for each of your Stage 2 Pokémon-ex is 0.
651	3	Sand Damage	As long as Flygon ex is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Benched Basic Pokémon between turns. You can't use more than 1 Sand Damage Poké-Body between turns.
652	3	Extra Smoke	Any damage done to your Stage 2 Pokémon-ex by your opponent's attacks is reduced by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
653	3	Link Wing	The Retreat Cost for each of your Latias, Latias ex, Latios, and Latios ex is 0.
654	3	Rage Aura	If you have more Prize cards left than your opponent, the attack cost of Rayquaza ex's Special Circuit is now Lightning and Rayquaza ex's Sky-high Claws is now Lightning Lightning.
655	2	Doxing	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Snorlax is your Active Pokémon, you may move 2 damage counters from Snorlax and Snorlax is now Asleep. This power can't be used if Snorlax is affected by a Special Condition.
656	2	Terraforming	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 5 cards from your deck and put them back on top of your deck in any order. This power can't be used if Aggron is affected by a Special Condition.
657	2	Evolutionary Call	Once during your turn, when you play Cradily from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for up to 3 in any combination of Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards. Show them to your opponent and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
658	2	Poison Structure	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Sidney's Stadium is in play, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Poisoned. This power can't be used if Cacturne is affected by a Special Condition.
659	2	Cursed Eyes	Once during your turn, when you put Absol ex from your hand onto your Bench, you may move 3 damage counters from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of his or her Pokémon.
660	2	Type Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Claydol ex's type is Fighting until the end of your turn.
661	2	Magnetic Redraw	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Metagross ex is your Active Pokémon, you may use this power. Each player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck. Then, each player draws 4 cards. This power can't be used if Metagross ex is affected by a Special Condition.
662	2	Chilling Breath	Once during your turn, when you play Walrein ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this power. Your opponent can't play any Trainer cards from his or her hand during your opponent's next turn.
663	2	Crimson Ray	Once during your turn, when you put Flareon Star from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this power. Each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) is now Burned.
664	2	Yellow Ray	Once during your turn, when you put Jolteon Star from your hand onto your Bench, you may put 1 damage counter on each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
665	2	Blue Ray	Once during your turn, when you put Vaporeon Star from your hand onto your Bench, you may remove all Special Conditions and 3 damage counters from each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
666	3	Synergy Effect	If Drake's Stadium is in play, remove 1 damage counter from Altaria between turns.
667	3	Primal Stare	As long as Kabutops is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play any Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards from his or her hand to evolve his or her Active Pokémon.
668	3	Overzealous	If your opponent has any Pokémon-ex in play, each of Machamp's attacks does 30 more damage to the Defending Pokémon.
669	3	Synergy Effect	If Phoebe's Stadium is in play, prevent all damage done to Sableye by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
670	3	Thick Skin	Zangoose can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
671	3	Solid Shell	Any damage done to Anorith by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
672	3	Synergy Effect	If Glacia's Stadium is in play, any damage done to Glalie by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
673	3	Vigorous Aura	As long as Medicham is your Active Pokémon, attacks by each player's Active Pokémon do 10 more damage to any Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
674	3	Clear Body	Metang can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
675	3	Strikes Back	If Vigoroth is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Vigoroth is Knocked Out), put 1 damage counter on the Attacking Pokémon.
676	3	Psychic Protector	If Flygon ex is damaged by an opponent's attack, you may discard up to 4 cards from your hand. If you do, any damage done to Flygon ex is reduced by 10 for each card you discarded.
677	3	Metal Gravity	If your opponent's Active Pokémon retreats and has 40 or more remaining HP, put 3 damage counters on that Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Metal Gravity Poké-Body each turn.
678	2	Dark Palm	Once during your turn (before your attack), if your opponent has 4 or more Benched Pokémon, you may choose 1 of them and shuffle that Pokémon and all cards attached to it into his or her deck. This power can't be used if Dusknoir is affected by a Special Condition.
679	2	Intense Voltage	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), if Elekid is anywhere under Electivire, you may move a Lightning Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to Electivire. This power can't be used if Electivire is affected by a Special Condition.
680	2	Sharp Eye	Once during your turn, when you play Luxray from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at your opponent's hand. If your opponent's Bench isn't full, choose 1 Basic Pokémon from your opponent's hand, and put it onto his or her Bench. Then, switch it with the Defending Pokémon.
681	2	Earth Fissure	Once during your turn, when you play Rhyperior from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may discard the top 3 cards from your opponent's deck.
682	2	Darkness Fan	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 Evolved Pokémon on your opponent's Bench, remove the highest Stage Evolution card from that Pokémon, and put it back into his or her hand. This power can't be used if Shiftry is affected by a Special Condition.
683	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Snorlax from your hand onto Munchlax (this counts as evolving Munchlax) and remove all damage counters from Munchlax.
684	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Roselia from your hand onto Budew (this counts as evolving Budew) and remove all damage counters from Budew.
685	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Mantine from your hand onto Mantyke (this counts as evolving Mantyke) and remove all damage counters from Mantyke.
686	2	Analyze	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown A is on your Bench, you may look at the top 2 cards of your deck and put them back on top of your deck in any order.
687	2	Bounce	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown B is on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, discard all cards attached to any 1 of your Unown and shuffle that Pokémon back into your deck.
688	2	Call	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown C is on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for any 1 Unown and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
689	2	Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown D is on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, each player may draw a card. (You draw your card first.)
690	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Sudowoodo from your hand onto Bonsly (this counts as evolving Bonsly) and remove all damage counters from Bonsly.
691	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Mr. Mime from your hand onto Mime Jr. (this counts as evolving Mime Jr.) and remove all damage counters from Mime Jr.
692	2	Supreme Command	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose up to 2 cards from your opponent's hand without looking and put them face down next to the Defending Pokémon. (These cards are not in play or in your opponent's hand.) At the end of your opponent's next turn, return those cards to your opponent's hand. This power can't be used if Empoleon is affected by a Special Condition.
693	2	Burning Head	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 3 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and put it into your hand. Discard the other 2 cards. This power can't be used if Infernape is affected by a Special Condition.
694	2	Forest Murmurs	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have more Prize cards left than your opponent, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. This power can't be used if Torterra is affected by a Special Condition.
695	3	Magnetize	If you have any Metal Energy attached to your Active Pokémon, the Retreat Cost for that Pokémon is 0.
696	2	Power Cancel	Once during your opponent's turn, when your opponent's Pokémon uses any Poké-Power, you may discard 2 cards from your hand and prevent all effects of that Poké-Power. (This counts as that Pokémon using its Poké-Power.) This power can't be used if Alakazam is affected by a Special Condition.
697	2	Kind Egg	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Happiny is anywhere under Blissey, you may choose a number of cards in your hand up to the amount of Energy attached to Blissey and put those cards on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. Then, draw that many cards. This power can't be used if Blissey is affected by a Special Condition.
698	2	Miracle Oracle	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw a card. Then, discard a card from your hand. If you discard an Energy card, draw 1 more card. This power can't be used if Bronzong is affected by a Special Condition.
699	2	Lure Ring	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Lumineon is your Active Pokémon, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon that has maximum HP of 100 or more and switch it with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. This power can't be used if Lumineon is affected by a Special Condition.
700	2	Firestarter	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Typhlosion is affected by a Special Condition.
701	2	Memory Out	Once during your opponent's turn, if Uxie is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Uxie is Knocked Out), you may use this power. The Attacking Pokémon can't use that attack during your opponent's next turn.
702	2	Evolutionary Toxic	Once during your turn, when you play Crobat from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Poisoned. Put 2 damage counters instead of 1 on that Pokémon between turns.
703	2	Color Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Ninetales is the same type as that Pokémon (all if that Pokémon is more than 1 type) until the end of your turn. This power can't be used if Ninetales is affected by a Special Condition.
704	2	Energetic Impulse	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Slaking is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, Slaking's Lazy Blow attack's base damage is 130 during this turn. If tails, Slaking can't attack or retreat during this turn. (If Slaking is no longer your Active Pokémon, this effect ends.)
705	2	ITEM	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown I, Unown T, Unown E, and Unown M on your Bench, you may search your deck for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 ITEM Poké-Power each turn.
706	2	Freeze-up	Once during your turn, when you play Walrein from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may flip 2 coins. If both are heads, discard 1 of the Defending Pokémon and all cards attached to it. (This doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon.)
707	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Chimecho from your hand onto Chingling (this counts as evolving Chingling) and remove all damage counters from Chingling.
708	2	Evolutionary Vitality	Once during your turn, when you play Croconaw from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck. Choose all Energy cards you find there, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Put the other cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
709	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Chansey from your hand onto Happiny (this counts as evolving Happiny) and remove all damage counters from Happiny.
710	2	EQUIP	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown E is on your Bench, you may discard all cards attached to Unown E and attach Unown E to 1 of your Pokémon as a Pokémon Tool card. As long as Unown E is attached to a Pokémon, that Pokémon gets +10 HP.
711	2	MAGNET	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown M is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. This power can't be used if Unown M is affected by a Special Condition.
712	2	THROW	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown T is your Active Pokémon, you may discard a card from your hand. Then, flip a coin. If heads, put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Unown T is affected by a Special Condition.
713	2	Electro Recycle	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Pichu is anywhere under Pikachu, you may search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. This power can't be used if Pikachu is affected by a Special Condition.
714	2	Stance	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Lucario LV. X from your hand onto your Active Lucario, you may use this power. Prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Lucario during your opponent's next turn. (If Lucario is no longer your Active Pokémon, this effect ends.)
715	2	Torrid Wave	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Magmortar is your Active Pokémon, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Burned. Put 3 damage counters instead of 2 on that Pokémon between turns. This power can't be used if Magmortar is affected by a Special Condition.
716	3	Downer Material	If you have Uxie and Mesprit in play, the attack cost of each of your opponent's Basic Pokémon's attack is Colorless more. You can't use more than 1 Downer Material Poké-Body each turn.
717	3	Rainbow Scale	If an Active Pokémon has Weakness to any of the types of Energy attached to Garchomp, Garchomp's attacks do 40 more damage to that Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). Rainbow Scale Poké-Body can't be used if Garchomp has any Special Energy cards attached to it.
718	3	Dark Genes	As long as Honchkrow has the Energy necessary to use its attack, each of your Murkrow can use Honchkrow's attack as its own without the necessary Energy to use that attack.
719	3	Upper Material	If you have Uxie and Azelf in play, the Retreat Cost for each Uxie, Mesprit, and Azelf (both yours and your opponent's) is 0.
720	3	Glacier Snow	If Abomasnow is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Abomasnow is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Asleep.
721	3	Sticky	The Retreat Cost for each player's Pokémon (excluding Ariados) is Colorless more.
722	3	Protective Wall	Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon by your opponent's attacks.
723	3	Craggy Face	As long as Glalie is your Active Pokémon, any damage done by attacks from your opponent's Stage 2 Evolved Pokémon is reduced by 20 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
724	3	Dragon DNA	Gyarados can use any attack from its Basic Pokémon. (You still have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.) If Gyarados uses any attack from its Basic Pokémon, that attack does 30 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
725	3	Jumbo Fin	If Mantyke is anywhere under Mantine, the Retreat Cost for each of your Water Pokémon is ColorlessColorless less.
726	3	Airy Wall	If your opponent's Pokémon that has 2 or less Energy cards attached to it attacks Mr. Mime, prevent all damage done to Mr. Mime from that attack. If Mime Jr. is anywhere under Mr. Mime, prevent all effects of that attack, including damage, done to Mr. Mime.
727	3	Mother Pheromone	The attack cost of your Nidoran ♀, Nidorina, Nidoran ♂, Nidorino, and Nidoking's attack is Colorless less.
728	3	Poison Sacs	Your opponent can't remove the Special Condition Poisoned by evolving or devolving his or her Poisoned Pokémon. (This also includes putting a Pokémon Level-Up card onto the Poisoned Pokémon.)
729	3	Cold Fat	As long as Dewgong is Asleep, any damage done to Dewgong by attacks is reduced by 40 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
730	3	Shocking Tail	As long as Electivire is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card from his or her hand to 1 of his or her Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
731	3	Armor Stone	Whenever Armor Fossil would be damaged by your opponent's attack, flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, reduce that damage by 10.
732	3	Skull Stone	During your opponent's turn, if Skull Fossil would be Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, put 1 damage counter on the Attacking Pokémon.
733	2	Waterlog	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach as many basic Water Energy cards from your hand to any of your Pokémon in any way you like. If you do, your turn ends. This power can't be used if Blastoise is affected by a Special Condition.
734	2	Telepass	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your opponent's discard pile for a Supporter card and use the effect of that card as the effect of this power. (The Supporter card remains in your opponent's discard pile.)  You can't use more than 1 Telepass Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Gardevoir is affected by a Special Condition.
735	2	Osmosis	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Gastrodon West Sea in play, you may move up to 3 damage counters from Gastrodon East Sea to 1 of your Gastrodon West Sea.
736	2	Phoenix Turn	Once during your opponent's turn, if Ho-Oh would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, you may flip a coin. If heads, Ho-Oh isn't discarded. Instead, remove all damage counters, Special Conditions, and other effects from Ho-Oh. Then, discard all cards attached to Ho-Oh (except for Energy cards). This counts as Ho-Oh being Knocked Out and your opponent takes a Prize card.
737	2	Thunder Rumble	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to Raikou, you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
738	2	Aqua Recovery	Once during your turn, when you put Suicune from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your discard pile for up to 3 Water Pokémon, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
739	2	Miracle Aroma	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, choose either Asleep, Burned, or Poisoned. The Defending Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition. This power can't be used if Venusaur is affected by a Special Condition.
740	2	Flame Dash	Once during your turn, when you play Arcanine from your hand to evolve 1 of your Benched Pokémon, you may switch Arcanine with 1 of your Active Pokémon. If you do, you may move any number of Energy cards attached to that Pokémon to Arcanine.
741	2	Motor Drive	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Electivire. This power can't be used if Electivire is affected by a Special Condition.
742	2	Energy Shift	Once during your turn, if Electrode would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, you may use this power. Electrode isn't discarded. Instead, attach it as an Energy card to 1 of your Pokémon. While attached, this card is a Special Energy card and provides every type of Energy but provides only 1 Energy at a time. (Has no effect other than providing Energy.)
743	2	Minus Charge	Once during your turn (before your attack), if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn, you may draw 2 cards. You can't use more than 1 Minus Charge Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Minun is affected by a Special Condition.
744	2	Plus Charge	Once during your turn (before your attack), if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn, you may search your discard pile for up to 2 basic Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. You can't use more than 1 Plus Charge Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Plusle is affected by a Special Condition.
745	2	Grass Whistle	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 1 damage counter from each of your Grass Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Grass Whistle Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Sunflora is affected by a Special Condition.
746	2	SET	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown S, Unown E, and Unown T on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for an Energy card, show it your opponent, and put it on top of your deck.
747	2	Dark Engage	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Each of your Active Pokémon's type is Darkness until the end of your turn. If that Pokémon is no longer your Active Pokémon, this effect ends.
748	2	Psychic Shift	Once during your turn, if Xatu is on your Bench, you may choose 1 Special Condition from 1 of your Active Pokémon and remove that Special Condition. Then, 1 of the Defending Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
749	2	Aqua Healing	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Quagsire is your Active Pokémon and the Defending Pokémon has any Water Energy attached to it, you may remove 3 damage counters from Quagsire.
750	2	KIND	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 2 damage counters from 1 of the Defending Pokémon.
751	2	NOD	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown N, Unown O, and Unown D on your Bench, you may ask your opponent to take a Prize card. If he or she does, you take a Prize card. If he or she doesn't, draw a card.
752	2	ONE	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown O, Unown N, and Unown E on your Bench and you have 1 card left in your hand, you may draw cards until you have 7 cards in your hand.
753	2	X-RAY	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown X on your Bench, you may look at the top card of your opponent's deck and put it back on top of his or her deck.
754	2	ZERO	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown Z is on your Bench and you have no cards in your deck, you may discard all cards attached to Unown Z and put Unown Z on top of your deck.
755	2	Wear Cloak	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Burmy Plant Cloak is your Active Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for a basic Grass Energy card and attach it to Burmy Plant Cloak.
756	2	Wear Cloak	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Burmy Sandy Cloak is your Active Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for a basic Fighting Energy card and attach it to Burmy Sandy Cloak.
757	2	Wear Cloak	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Burmy Trash Cloak is your Active Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for a basic Metal Energy card and attach it to Burmy Trash Cloak.
758	2	Balloon Sting	Once during your opponent's turn, if Qwilfish is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an attack (even if Qwilfish is Knocked Out), you may flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned. Put 2 damage counters instead of 1 on that Pokémon between turns.
759	2	Teleportation	Once during your turn (before your attack), choose 1 of your Active Pokémon or 1 of your Benched Pokémon and switch Gardevoir with that Pokémon. This power can't be used if Gardevoir is affected by a Special Condition.
760	3	Jamming	After your opponent plays a Supporter card from his or her hand, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Jamming Poké-Body each turn.
761	3	Fury Blaze	If your opponent has 3 or less Prize cards left, each of Charizard's attacks does 50 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
762	3	Burning Coat	Whenever 1 of your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from Entei's attacks, discard the top 3 cards from your opponent's deck.
763	3	Irritating Buzz	As long as Flygon is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Active Pokémon between turns, excluding Fighting Pokémon.
764	3	Cotton Spore	Whenever Jumpluff would be damaged by your opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all damage done to Jumpluff by that attack.
765	3	Flame Body	When you attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to Magmortar, remove 2 damage counters from Magmortar.
766	3	Plant Cloak	If Wormadam Plant Cloak has 2 or more Grass Energy attached to it, Wormadam Plant Cloak gets +40 HP.
767	3	Sandy Cloak	Prevent all effects of attacks, excluding damage, done to Wormadam Sandy Cloak.
768	3	Trash Cloak	If Wormadam Trash Cloak has a Pokémon Tool card attached to it, any damage done to Wormadam Trash Cloak by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
769	3	Camouflage	If any basic Energy card attached to Kecleon is the same type as the Attacking Pokémon's type, any damage done by attacks from that Pokémon to Kecleon is reduced by 40 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
770	3	Toxic Sludge	At the end of each player's turn, each of your opponent's Active Pokémon that has any Grass Energy attached to it is now Poisoned. If that Pokémon is already Poisoned, Toxic Sludge Poké-Body does nothing to that Pokémon.
771	3	Cotton Balloon	If Skiploom has any Grass Energy attached to it, any damage done to Skiploom by attacks from your opponent's Evolved Pokémon is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
772	3	Dangerous Scales	If Venomoth is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Venomoth is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Asleep and Poisoned.
773	3	Cottonweed	If Hoppip has any Grass Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Hoppip is 0.
774	3	Pot Shell	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Shuckle by your opponent's Pokémon that has any Special Energy cards attached to it.
775	2	Conversion	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a basic Energy card from your hand. Porygon-Z is the same type as that Energy card until the end of your turn. This power can't be used if Porygon-Z is affected by a Special Condition.
776	2	Wash Out	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Water or Fighting Energy attached to 1 of your Benched Pokémon to your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Swampert is affected by a Special Condition.
777	2	Serene Grace	Once during your turn, when you play Togekiss from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at the top 10 cards of your deck, choose as many basic Energy cards as you like, and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Put the other cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
778	2	Cosmic Power	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose up to 2 cards from your hand and put them on the bottom of your deck in any order. If you do, draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand. This power can't be used if Claydol is affected by a Special Condition.
779	2	Trump Card	Once during your turn (before your attack), if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn, search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Slowking is affected by a Special Condition.
780	2	HEAL	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown H, Unown E, Unown A, and Unown L on your Bench, you may remove all Special Conditions from 1 of your Active Pokémon.
781	2	Good Night Melody	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) is now Asleep. This power can't be used if Wigglytuff is affected by a Special Condition.
782	2	Emerge	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Metapod is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from Metapod and put it onto Metapod. (This counts as evolving Metapod.) Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Metapod is affected by a Special Condition.
783	2	Download	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Supporter card from your hand and use the effect of that card as the effect of this power. This power can't be used if Porygon2 is affected by a Special Condition.
784	2	FAKE	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown F is on your Bench, you may use this power. Put a coin next to your Active Pokémon without showing your opponent and cover it with your hand. Your opponent guesses if the coin is heads or tails. If he or she is wrong, draw a card.
785	2	GUARD	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown G is on your Bench, you may discard all cards attached to Unown G and attach Unown G to 1 of your Pokémon as a Pokémon Tool card. As long as Unown G is attached to a Pokémon, prevent all effects of attacks, excluding damage, done to that Pokémon.
786	2	Pupate	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Caterpie is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from Caterpie and put it onto Caterpie. (This counts as evolving Caterpie.) Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Caterpie is affected by a Special Condition.
787	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Jigglypuff from your hand onto Igglybuff (this counts as evolving Igglybuff) and remove all damage counters from Igglybuff.
788	2	Scent Conduct	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Grass Basic Pokémon and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Illumise is affected by a Special Condition.
789	2	Gravity Change	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a card from your hand. Then, if you have Solrock in play, draw a card. This power can't be used if Lunatone is affected by a Special Condition.
790	2	Light Conduct	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Illumise in play, you may search your discard pile for a Supporter card, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck. This power can't be used if Volbeat is affected by a Special Condition.
791	2	Full Moon Dance	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from either player's Pokémon to another Pokémon (yours or your opponent's). This power can't be used if Cresselia is affected by a Special Condition.
792	2	Time Skip	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have your opponent flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, your turn ends. If both of them are tails, after your opponent draws a card at the beginning of his or her next turn, his or her turn ends. This power can't be used if Dialga is affected by a Special Condition.
793	2	Restructure	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have your opponent switch 1 of your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. Then, you switch 1 of the Defending Pokémon with 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Palkia is affected by a Special Condition.
794	3	Wild Growth	Each basic Grass Energy card attached to your Grass Pokémon provides Grass Grass Energy instead. You can't use more than 1 Wild Growth Poké-Body each turn.
795	3	Marvel Scale	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Milotic by your opponent's Pokémon LV.X.
796	3	Anger Point	If Primeape has any damage counters on it, Primeape's attacks do 40 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
797	3	Sleeping Pulse	As long as Wailord remains Asleep between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Wailord.
798	3	Toxic Virus	At any time between turns, each player puts 1 more damage counter on his or her Poisoned Pokémon.
799	3	Magma Armor	Magcargo can't be Asleep or Paralyzed.
800	3	Sunlight	If you have Lunatone in play, damage done to your opponent's Pokémon by your Psychic or Fighting Pokémon isn't affected by Resistance.
801	3	LINK	Unown L can use any attack from any Unown in play (both yours and your opponent's). (You still have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.)
802	3	Dark Shadow	Each basic Darkness Energy card attached to your Darkness Pokémon now has the effect "If the Pokémon Darkness Energy is attached to attacks, the attack does 10 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance)." You can't use more than 1 Dark Shadow Poké-Body each turn.
803	2	Freezing Screech	Once during your turn, when you put Articuno from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
804	2	Darkness Shade	Once during your turn, when you put Darkrai from your hand onto your Bench, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Asleep.
805	2	Flame Charge	Once during your turn, when you put Moltres from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for up to 3 Fire Energy cards and attach them to Moltres.
806	2	Sheet Lightning	Once during your turn, when you put Zapdos from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
807	2	Primal Swirl	Once during your turn, when you play Omastar from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may remove the highest Stage Evolution card from each of your opponent's Benched Evolved Pokémon and put those cards back into his or her hand. You can't use more than 1 Primal Swirl Poké-Power each turn.
808	2	PUT	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown P is on your Bench, you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your Pokémon (excluding any Unown).
809	2	QUICK	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown Q is on your Bench, you may discard all cards attached to Unown Q and attach Unown Q to 1 of your Pokémon as a Pokémon Tool card. As long as Unown Q is attached to a Pokémon, you pay Colorless less to retreat that Pokémon.
810	2	Ancient Guidance	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for Helix Fossil, Dome Fossil, or Old Amber and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Kabuto is affected by a Special Condition.
811	2	Call Up	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for Helix Fossil, Dome Fossil, or Old Amber and put it onto your Bench. This power can't be used if Omanyte is affected by a Special Condition.
812	2	Dragon Pulse	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Garchomp LV.X from your hand onto your Active Garchomp, you may flip 3 coins. For each heads, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
813	2	Energy Forcing	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Leafeon is affected by a Special Condition.
814	2	Mode Crash	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Porygon-Z LV.X from your hand onto your Active Porygon-Z, you may discard all of your opponent's Special Energy cards in play.
815	3	Primal Shell	As long as Kabutops is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play any Trainer cards from his or her hand.
816	3	Aqua Skin	When you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Manaphy, remove 2 damage counters from Manaphy.
817	3	Primal Claw	After your opponent's Pokémon uses a Poké-Power, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
818	3	Cursed Alloy	As long as Bronzong is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon that has any Poké-Powers between turns.
819	3	Sunlight Veil	Each of your Pokémon that evolves from Eevee gets +20 HP. You can't use more than 1 Sunlight Veil Poké-Body each turn.
820	3	Moonlight Veil	Each of your Pokémon that evolves from Eevee has no Weakness, and that Pokémon's Retreat Cost is 0.
821	3	Disturbance Scales	Any damage done by attacks from your Pokémon to the Defending Pokémon isn't affected by Resistance.
822	3	Chilly Breath	As long as Glaceon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Pokémon can't use any Poké-Powers.
823	3	Aqua Reaction	When you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Helix Fossil (excluding effects of attacks or Poké-Powers), search your deck for a card that evolves from Helix Fossil and put it onto Helix Fossil (this counts as evolving Helix Fossil). Shuffle your deck afterward.
824	3	Hard Amber	As long as Old Amber is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to Old Amber by attacks (both yours and your opponent's).
825	3	Rock Reaction	When you attach a Fighting Energy card from your hand to Dome Fossil (excluding effects of attacks or Poké-Powers), search your deck for a card that evolves from Dome Fossil and put it onto Dome Fossil (this counts as evolving Dome Fossil). Shuffle your deck afterward.
826	2	Form Change	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for any Deoxys and switch it with Deoxys Normal Forme. (Any cards attached to Deoxys Normal Forme, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) If you do, put Deoxys Normal Forme on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Form Change Poké-Power each turn.
827	2	Flash Fire	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Fire Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to Heatran. This power can't be used if Heatran is affected by a Special Condition.
828	2	Magnetic Reversal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. This power can't be used if Metagross is affected by a Special Condition.
829	2	Speed Gain	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, search your discard pile for a basic Fire Energy card or a basic Lightning Energy card and attach it to Rayquaza. This power can't be used if Rayquaza is affected by a Special Condition or if you have another Rayquaza in play.
830	2	Curse Breath	Once during your turn, when you put Spiritomb from your hand onto your Bench, you may put 1 damage counter on all Pokémon that already have any damage counters on them (both yours and your opponent's). You can't use more than 1 Curse Breath Poké-Power each turn.
831	2	Time Walk	Once during your turn, when you put Azelf from your hand onto your Bench, you may look at all of your face-down Prize cards. If you do, you may choose 1 Pokémon you find there, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Then, choose 1 card in your hand and put it as a Prize card face down.
832	2	Form Change	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for any Deoxys and switch it with Deoxys Attack Forme. (Any cards attached to Deoxys Attack Forme, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) If you do, put Deoxys Attack Forme on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Form Change Poké-Power each turn.
833	2	Form Change	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for any Deoxys and switch it with Deoxys Defense Forme. (Any cards attached to Deoxys Defense Forme, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) If you do, put Deoxys Defense Forme on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Form Change Poké-Power each turn.
834	2	Form Change	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for any Deoxys and switch it with Deoxys Speed Forme. (Any cards attached to Deoxys Speed Forme, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) If you do, put Deoxys Speed Forme on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Form Change Poké-Power each turn.
835	2	Smelt	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Metal Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to Heatran. This power can't be used if Heatran is affected by a Special Condition.
836	2	Psychic Bind	Once during your turn, when you put Mesprit from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this power. Your opponent can't use any Poké-Powers on his or her Pokémon during your opponent's next turn.
837	2	Regi Move	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Discard 2 cards from your hand and choose 1 of your opponent's Active Pokémon that isn't an Evolved Pokémon. Then, your opponent switches that Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Regice is affected by a Special Condition.
838	2	Regi Cycle	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have a Fighting Energy card in your discard pile, you may discard 2 cards from your hand. Then, attach a Fighting Energy card from your discard pile to Regirock. This power can't be used if Regirock is affected by a Special Condition.
839	2	Regi Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard 2 cards from your hand. Then, remove 3 damage counters from Registeel. This power can't be used if Registeel is affected by a Special Condition.
840	2	Resent	Once during your opponent's turn, if Shedinja would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, you may put 4 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon and each of your opponent's Pokémon that has the same name as the Attacking Pokémon.
841	2	!	Once during your turn, when you put Unown ! from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If tails, put 2 damage counters on 1 of your Pokémon.
842	2	Set Up	Once during your turn, when you put Uxie from your hand onto your Bench, you may draw cards until you have 7 cards in your hand.
843	2	Energy Reaction	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you attach a Grass or Psychic Energy card from your hand to Vileplume (excluding effects of attacks or Poké-Powers), you may use this power. If you attach a Grass Energy card, the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep. If you attach a Psychic Energy card, the Defending Pokémon is now Poisoned. This power can't be used if Vileplume is affected by a Special Condition.
844	2	Temperament	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for any Castform and switch it with Castform. (Any cards attached to Castform, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) If you do, put Castform on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 Temperament Poké-Power each turn.
845	2	Temperament	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for any Castform and switch it with Castform Rain Form. (Any cards attached to Castform Rain Form, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) Shuffle Castform Rain Form back into your deck. You can't use more than 1 Temperament Poké-Power each turn.
846	2	Temperament	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for any Castform and switch it with Castform Snow-cloud Form. (Any cards attached to Castform Snow-cloud Form, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) Shuffle Castform Snow-cloud Form back into your deck. You can't use more than 1 Temperament Poké-Power each turn.
847	2	Temperament	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for any Castform and switch it with Castform Sunny Form. (Any cards attached to Castform Sunny Form, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) Shuffle Castform Sunny Form back into your deck. You can't use more than 1 Temperament Poké-Power each turn.
848	2	Cast-off Shell	Once during your turn, when you play Ninjask from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon and if your Bench isn't full, you may put Shedinja onto your Bench as a Basic Pokémon from your hand or your discard pile.
849	2	JUNK	Once during your turn, when you put Unown J from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
850	2	RETIRE	Once during your turn, if Unown R is on your Bench, you may discard Unown R and all cards attached to it. (This doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon.) Then, draw a card.
851	2	VACATION	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 2 damage counters from each of your Pokémon. If you do, your turn ends. This power can't be used if Unown V is affected by a Special Condition.
852	2	YAWN	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown Y is on your Bench, you may remove 1 damage counter from 1 of your Active Unown and that Unown is now Asleep.
853	2	?	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown ? is on your Bench, you may choose a Pokémon in your hand and put it face down. Your opponent guesses a type of that Pokémon. Reveal that card. If your opponent guessed wrong, draw a card. Then, put that card back into your hand.
854	2	Metal Chain	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you attach a Metal Energy card from your hand to Beldum (excluding effects of attacks or Poké-Powers), you may search your deck for Beldum and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Beldum is affected by a Special Condition.
855	2	Baby Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Hitmonlee, Hitmonchan, or Hitmontop from your hand onto Tyrogue (this counts as evolving Tyrogue) and remove all damage counters from Tyrogue.
856	2	Shoot Poison	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Gliscor LV.X from your hand onto your Active Gliscor, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned.
857	2	Electric Trans	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Lightning or Metal Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Magnezone is affected by a Special Condition.
858	2	Trade Off	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 2 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and put it into your hand. Put the other card on the bottom of your deck. This power can't be used if Uxie is affected by a Special Condition. You can't use more than 1 Trade Off Poké-Power each turn.
859	3	Rivalry	If your opponent has any Pokémon LV.X in play, each of Luxray's attacks does 50 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
860	3	Enthusiasm	If you have Poliwag, Poliwhirl, and Poliwrath in play, each of these Pokémon's attacks does 60 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
861	3	Steel Coating	Any damage done to Probopass by your opponent's attacks is reduced by 10 for each Metal Energy attached to Probopass (after applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't reduce more than 20 damage in this way.
862	3	Slow Start	Regigigas can't attack until your opponent has 3 or less Prize cards left.
863	3	Fossil Armor	If Armaldo would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to Armaldo if that damage is 60 or less.
864	3	Attracting Body	If Delcatty is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Delcatty is Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is now Confused.
865	3	Ditto DNA	As long as Ditto is your Active Pokémon, its maximum HP is the same as your opponent's Active Pokémon. Ditto can use the attacks of that Pokémon as its own. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.) If that Pokémon is no longer your opponent's Active Pokémon, choose 1 of your opponent's Active Pokémon for Ditto to copy.
866	3	Iron Shell	Whenever you attach a basic Energy card from your hand to Forretress (excluding effects of attacks), you may flip a coin. If tails, put 2 damage counters on each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) (excluding any Forretress).
867	3	Healing Tail	As long as Lopunny is your Active Pokémon, remove 1 damage counter from each of your Benched Pokémon between turns.
868	3	Recover Mechanism	When you attach an Energy card from your hand to Regigigas, remove all Special Conditions from Regigigas.
869	3	White Smoke	As long as Torkoal is your Active Pokémon, prevent all effects, including damage, done to your Benched Pokémon by your opponent's attacks.
870	3	Revenge Fang	If you have less Benched Pokémon than your opponent, each of Houndoom's attacks does 40 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
871	3	Big Wing	If Swellow has no Energy attached to it, Swellow's Retreat Cost is 0.
872	3	UNSEEN	As long as Unown U is on your Bench, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done by your opponent's Pokémon to any Unown on your Bench.
873	3	WALL	As long as Unown W is your Active Pokémon, any damage done to your Pokémon by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
874	3	Psychic Aura	Each of your Psychic Pokémon has no Weakness.
875	3	Psybarrier	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Mewtwo by your opponent's Pokémon that isn't an Evolved Pokémon.
876	3	Spongy Stone	Stone,At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Root Fossil.
877	2	Dig Well	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 3 cards of your deck, choose as many Water Energy cards as you like, and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Discard the other cards. This power can't be used if Blastoise is affected by a Special Condition.
878	2	Fire Breath	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Burned. This power can't be used if Blaziken is affected by a Special Condition.
879	2	Power Circulation	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your discard pile for up to 2 basic Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them on top of your deck in any order. If you do, put 2 damage counters on Delcatty. This power can't be used if Delcatty is affected by a Special Condition.
880	2	Reverse Time	Once during your turn, when you put Dialga from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your discard pile for up to 3 in any combination of Pokémon (excluding Pokémon LV.X) and basic Energy cards. Show them to your opponent and put them on top of your deck in any order.
881	2	Psychic Connect	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Psychic Energy attached to 1 of your Benched Pokémon to your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Gardevoir is affected by a Special Condition.
882	2	Let Loose	Once during your turn, when you put Giratina from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this power. Each player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws up to 4 cards. (You draw your cards first.)
883	2	Temper Tantrum	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard as many cards as you like from your hand. If you do, put that many damage counters on Banette. This power can't be used if Banette is affected by a Special Condition.
884	2	Nurse Call	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a card from your hand. If you do, remove 2 damage counters from 1 of your Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Nurse Call Poké-Power each turn. This power can't be used if Blissey is affected by a Special Condition.
885	2	Cheerful Voice	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. If you do, your turn ends. During your next turn, each of Ludicolo's attacks does 60 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). This power can't be used if Ludicolo is affected by a Special Condition.
886	2	Galactic Switch	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move an Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon SP to another of your Pokémon. Then, put 2 damage counters on Bronzong . This power can't be used if Bronzong is affected by a Special Condition.
887	2	Flash Bite	Once during your turn, when you put Crobat from your hand onto your Bench, you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
888	2	Poison Structure	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have a Stadium card in play, you may use this power. Each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) (excluding Pokémon SP) is now Poisoned. This power can't be used if Skuntank is affected by a Special Condition.
889	2	Tri-Poison	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Poisoned. Put 3 damage counters instead of 1 on that Pokémon between turns. This power can't be used if Drapion is affected by a Special Condition.
890	2	Lost Cyclone	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Any player who has 4 or more Benched Pokémon chooses 3 of his or her Benched Pokémon. Put the other Benched Pokémon and all cards attached to them in the Lost Zone. (You choose your Pokémon first.) This power can't be used if Palkia is affected by a Special Condition.
891	3	Damage Bind	Each Pokémon that has any damage counters on it (both yours and your opponent's) can't use any Poké-Powers.
892	3	Time Aura	As long as Dialga is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play any Pokémon from his or her hand to evolve his or her Active Pokémon.
893	3	Electric Barrier	Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon (excluding any Manectric) by attacks.
894	3	Iron Skull	Rampardos's attack's damage isn't affected by Resistance, Poké-Powers, Poké-Bodies, or any other effects on the Defending Pokémon.
895	3	Lazy Paunch	If Slaking used any attacks during your last turn, Slaking can't attack.
896	3	Metal Trait	As long as Bastiodon has a Pokémon Tool attached to it, remove 1 damage counter from Bastiodon between turns.
897	3	Sinkhole	If your opponent's Active Pokémon retreats, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
898	3	Camouflage Pattern	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Dustox by your opponent's Pokémon that is affected by 2 or more Special Conditions.
899	3	Anticipation	Prevent all effects of attacks, excluding damage, done to Toxicroak .
900	3	Cold Feet	If Mightyena is affected by a Special Condition, ignore all Energy necessary to use Mightyena's attacks.
901	3	Sludge Cell	If Muk remains affected by any Special Conditions between turns, remove 2 damage counters from Muk.
902	3	Time Crystal	Each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) (excluding Pokémon SP) can't use any Poké-Bodies.
903	3	Invisible Tentacles	Whenever your opponent's Pokémon tries to attack, your opponent discards 1 card from his or her hand. (If your opponent can't discard 1 card, your opponent's Pokémon can't attack.) You can't use more than 1 Invisible Tentacles Poké-Body each turn.
904	3	Thankfulness	Each of your Grass Pokémon (excluding any Shaymin) gets +40 HP. You can't use more than 1 Thankfulness Poké-Body each turn.
905	3	Revenge Seed	If any of your Grass Pokémon were Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack during his or her last turn, each of Shaymin's attacks does 60 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
906	3	Swift Swim	If Lotad has any Water Energy attached to it, Lotad's Retreat Cost is 0.
907	2	Final Wish	Once during your opponent's turn, if Jirachi would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, you may search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
908	2	Flutter Wings	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Grass Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Beedrill is affected by a Special Condition.
909	2	Undevelop	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may devolve Flareon and put Flareon into your hand. This power can't be used if Flareon is affected by a Special Condition.
910	2	Undevelop	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may devolve Jolteon and put Jolteon into your hand. This power can't be used if Jolteon is affected by a Special Condition.
911	2	Undevelop	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may devolve Vaporeon and put Vaporeon into your hand. This power can't be used if Vaporeon is affected by a Special Condition.
912	2	Gather Ice	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you play Walrein from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may attach as many Water Energy cards from your hand to Walrein as you like.
913	2	Aqua Recycle	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your discard pile for a Water Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. This power can't be used if Starmie is affected by a Special Condition.
914	2	Gather Sand	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Trapinch is your Active Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for a basic Fighting Energy card and attach it to Trapinch.
915	2	Damage Switch	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon SP to another of your Pokémon SP. This power can't be used if Alakazam is affected by a Special Condition.
916	2	Blade Storm	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Gallade LV.X from your hand onto your Active Gallade , you may put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
917	2	Sand Reset	Once during a game on your turn (before your attack), each player shuffles all cards in play (excluding Pokémon and Supporter cards) into his or her deck. You can't use more than 1 Sand Reset Poké-Power each game.
918	2	Intimidating Roar	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have your opponent switch his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon. This power can't be used if Infernape is affected by a Special Condition.
919	2	Bright Look	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Luxray LV.X from your hand onto your Active Luxray , you may switch the Defending Pokémon with 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
920	2	Magical Return	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may return a Pokémon Tool card or Technical Machine card attached to your Pokémon to your hand. This power can't be used if Mismagius is affected by a Special Condition.
921	2	Big Appetite	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Snorlax is your Active Pokémon, you may draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand. If you do, Snorlax is now Asleep. This power can't be used if Snorlax is affected by a Special Condition.
922	2	Fan Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Fan Rotom's type is Colorless until the end of your turn.
923	2	Frost Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Frost Rotom's type is Water until the end of your turn.
924	2	Heat Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Heat Rotom's type is Fire until the end of your turn.
925	2	Mow Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Mow Rotom's type is Grass until the end of your turn.
926	2	Wash Shift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Wash Rotom's type is Water until the end of your turn.
927	3	Flare Condition	As long as Arcanine has any Fire Energy attached to it, Arcanine has no Weakness.
928	3	Eerie Aura	Put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon that remains Asleep between turns.
929	3	Rainbow Float	If any basic Energy card attached to Flygon is the same type as any of your Pokémon, the Retreat Cost for those Pokémon is 0.
930	3	Boundary Aura	Apply Weakness for each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) as ×2 instead.
931	3	Unlucky Wind	As long as Shiftry is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent flips a coin during his or her turn, treat it as tails.
932	3	Sticky Hold	If Gastrodon East Sea is switched or retreats to your Bench, move as many Energy cards attached to Gastrodon East Sea as you like to the new Active Pokémon.
933	3	Sand Cover	As long as Hippowdon is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon LV.X between turns.
934	3	Icy Aura	As long as Mamoswine is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each Active Pokémon (excluding Water Pokémon) (both yours and your opponent's) between turns.
935	3	Territoriality	If your Active Pokémon is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if that Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. You can't put more than 2 damage counters in this way.
936	3	Maternal Comfort	At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from each of your Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Maternal Comfort Poké-Body between turns.
937	3	Royal Gain	When you attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to Vespiquen , remove 1 damage counter from Vespiquen .
938	3	Frost Wind	As long as Glaceon is your Active Pokémon, any damage done to your Pokémon by your opponent's attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
939	3	Sand Armor	If Hippowdon has any Fighting Energy attached to it, any damage done to Hippowdon by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
940	3	Energy Refresh	As long as Leafeon is your Active Pokémon, whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon, remove 2 damage counters from that Pokémon.
941	3	Energy Shark	If Sharpedo is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Sharpedo is Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy card attached to the Attacking Pokémon.
942	3	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to Kakuna by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
943	3	Colorful Body	Kecleon's type is Grass Fire Water Lightning Psychic Fighting Darkness Metal Colorless.
944	3	Submerge	As long as Quagsire is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to Quagsire by attacks (both yours and your opponent's).
945	3	Bad Sleeping Habits	As long as Snorlax is Asleep, your opponent's Active Pokémon can't retreat.
946	3	Overgrow	As long as Turtwig 's remaining HP is 60 or less, each of Turtwig 's attacks does 30 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
947	3	Camouflage Gas	If Weezing is Confused and is Knocked Out, your opponent can't take a Prize card.
948	3	Water Rescue	Whenever any of your Water Pokémon (excluding any Floatzel ) is Knocked Out by damage from your opponent's attack, you may put that Pokémon and all cards that were attached to it from your discard pile into your hand.
949	3	Wind Erosion	As long as Flygon is your Active Pokémon, discard the top card from your opponent's deck between turns.
950	2	Evolutionary Flame	Once during your turn, when you play Magmortar from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this power. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Burned and Confused.
951	2	Speed Boost	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Yanmega is your Active Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for a Grass Energy card and attach it to Yanmega. This power can't be used if Yanmega is affected by a Special Condition.
952	2	Echo Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw a card. This power can't be used if Dodrio is affected by a Special Condition.
953	2	Darkness Restore	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Honchkrow is your Active Pokémon and your opponent's Bench isn't full, you may use this power. Search your opponent's discard pile for a Basic Pokémon and put it onto his or her Bench. This power can't be used if Honchkrow is affected by a Special Condition.
954	2	Dig Down	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck. Choose as many Fighting Energy cards as you like, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Put the other cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Sandslash is affected by a Special Condition.
955	2	Sunshine Fate	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Lunatone in play, you may look at the top 3 cards of your deck and put them back on top of your deck in any order. This power can't be used if Solrock is affected by a Special Condition.
956	2	Disrupting Spy	Once during your turn, when you put Chatot G from your hand onto your Bench, you may look at the top 4 cards of your opponent's deck. Put them back on top of your opponent's deck in any order.
957	2	Evolutionary Pollen	Once during your turn, when you play Ivysaur from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this power. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Asleep.
958	2	Plunge	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Marshtomp is on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, move all Energy cards attached to your Active Pokémon to Marshtomp. If you do, switch Marshtomp with that Active Pokémon.
959	2	Darkness Send	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Absol G LV.X from your hand onto your Active Absol G, you may flip 3 coins. For each heads, put the top card from your opponent's deck in the Lost Zone.
960	2	Call for Power	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move an Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to Charizard G. This power can't be used if Charizard G is affected by a Special Condition.
961	2	Energy Recycle	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. If you do, your turn ends. Search your discard pile for up to 3 Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. This power can't be used if Electivire FB is affected by a Special Condition.
962	2	Healing Breath	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Garchomp C LV.X from your hand onto your Active Garchomp C, you may remove all damage counters from each of your Pokémon SP.
963	2	Fast Call	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Supporter card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Staraptor FB is affected by a Special Condition.
964	3	Pump Up	If your opponent has 3 or less Prize cards left, Drifblim FB gets +40 HP.
965	3	Dragon Intimidation	If Garchomp is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Garchomp is Knocked Out), choose an Energy card attached to the Attacking Pokémon and put it into your opponent's hand.
966	3	Gravitation	Each Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets -20 HP. No more than 20 HP can be reduced by all Gravitation Poké-Bodies.
967	3	Root Protector	Any damage done to Swampert by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that isn't an Evolved Pokémon is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
968	3	Green Aroma	Remove all Special Conditions from each of your Grass Pokémon. Each of your Grass Pokémon can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
969	3	Extreme Speed	Arcanine G's Retreat Cost is Colorless less for each Fire Energy attached to Arcanine G.
970	3	Compound Eyes	If your opponent's Active Pokémon has any Poké-Bodies, each of Butterfree FB's attacks does 30 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
971	3	Thick Fat	Any damage done to Dewgong by attacks from Fire Pokémon and Water Pokémon is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
972	3	Erasing Sound	Each of your Pokémon has no Weakness.
973	3	Marvel Eyes	If you have Solrock in play, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to any of your Lunatone or Solrock by your opponent's Pokémon LV.X.
974	3	Focus Wall	If Mr. Mime would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack that does 70 or more damage (after applying Weakness and Resistance), Mr. Mime is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
975	3	Natural Cure	When you attach an Energy card from your hand to Roserade C, remove all Special Conditions from Roserade C.
976	3	Marvel Shell	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Shedinja by your opponent's Pokémon that has any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies.
977	3	Intimidating Pattern	As long as Masquerain is your Active Pokémon, any damage done by an opponent's attack is reduced by 20 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
978	3	Metallic Lift	If Metang has any Metal Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Metang is 0.
979	3	Burning Spirit	Any damage done by attacks to a Burned Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) is increased by 40 (after applying Weakness and Resistance). No more than 40 damage can be added by all Burning Spirit Poké-Bodies.
980	3	Dragon Spirit	If Rayquaza C is your Active Pokémon and is damaged but not Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, you may search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Rayquaza C.
981	3	Aqua Mirage	If you have no cards in your hand, prevent all damage done to Milotic by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon.
982	2	Snow Gift	Once during your turn, when you play Froslass from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
983	2	Top Accelerator	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may reveal the top card of your deck. If that card is a basic Energy card, attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. If that card isn't a basic Energy card, discard it. This power can't be used if Salamence is affected by a Special Condition.
984	2	Unearth	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for Helix Fossil, Dome Fossil, or Old Amber, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Aerodactyl is affected by a Special Condition.
985	2	Curse	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of your opponent's Pokémon. This power can't be used if Gengar is affected by a Special Condition.
986	2	Relaxing Shower	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard an Energy card from your hand. If you do, remove 1 damage counter from each of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Lopunny is affected by a Special Condition.
987	2	Dowsing Code	Once during your turn, when you put Porygon-Z from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your discard pile for up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards, show them to your opponent, and shuffle them into your deck.
988	2	Level-Down	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon LV.X. Remove the Level-Up card from that Pokémon and have your opponent shuffle that card into his or her deck. This power can't be used if Gengar is affected by a Special Condition.
989	2	Double Fall	Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Salamence LV.X from your hand onto your Active Salamence, you may use this power. For each of your opponent's Pokémon that is Knocked Out by damage from Salamence's attacks this turn, take 1 more Prize card.
990	2	Healing Growth	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, remove 4 damage counters from 1 of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Tangrowth is affected by a Special Condition.
991	3	Fire Formation	Each of Charizard's attacks does 10 more damage for each Fire Pokémon on your Bench to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
992	3	Competitiveness	If you don't have a Supporter card in play, each of Probopass's attacks does 30 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
993	3	Cloudy Sky	If any of your Grass Pokémon or Fire Pokémon would be damaged by an attack, reduce that damage by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
994	3	Wild Guard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Rapidash by your opponent's Pokémon SP.
995	3	Green Breath	When you attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to Sceptile, remove 2 damage counters from Sceptile.
996	3	Keystone Seal	As long as Spiritomb is your Active Pokémon, each player can't play any Trainer cards from his or her hand.
997	3	Hidden Poison	If Haunter is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Haunter is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned.
998	3	Cloak Evolution	Burmy Plant Cloak can evolve during the turn you play it.
999	3	Cloak Evolution	Burmy Sandy Cloak can evolve during the turn you play it.
1000	3	Cloak Evolution	Burmy Trash Cloak can evolve during the turn you play it.
1001	3	Multitype	Arceus LV.X's type is the same type as its previous Level.
1002	3	Star Barrier	As long as Bagon has any Energy attached to it, Bagon has no Weakness.
1003	3	Star Barrier	As long as Ponyta has any Energy attached to it, Ponyta has no Weakness.
1004	3	Star Barrier	As long as Shinx has any Energy attached to it, Shinx has no Weakness.
1005	2	Roast Reveal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Fire Energy card from your hand. If you do, draw 3 cards. This power can't be used if Ninetales is affected by a Special Condition.
1006	2	Night Sight	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw a card. This power can't be used if Noctowl is affected by a Special Condition.
1007	2	Second Sight	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 3 cards of either player's deck and put them back on top of that player's deck in any order. This power can't be used if Slowking is affected by a Special Condition.
1008	2	Sleep Pendulum	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep. This power can't be used if Hypno is affected by a Special Condition.
1009	2	Sunshine Grace	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Grass Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used if Sunflora is affected by a Special Condition.
1010	2	RETURN	Once during your turn, when you put Unown from your hand onto your Bench, you may return all Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to your hand.
1011	2	FLASH	Once during your turn, when you put Unown from your hand onto your Bench, you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck and put them back on top of your deck in any order.
1012	2	Blissful Nurse	Once during your turn, when you play Blissey from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may remove all damage counters from all of your Pokémon. If you do, discard all Energy attached to those Pokémon that had any damage counters on them.
1013	2	Rain Dance	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Water Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Water Pokémon. This power can't be used if Feraligatr is affected by a Special Condition.
1014	2	Leaf Trans	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Grass Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Meganium is affected by a Special Condition.
1015	2	Afterburner	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your discard pile for a Fire Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. If you do, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon. This power can't be used if Typhlosion is affected by a Special Condition.
1016	2	Ocean Grow	Once during your turn, when you put Lugia LEGEND into play, you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck and attach all Energy cards you find there to Lugia LEGEND. Discard the other cards.
1017	3	Sweet Sleeping Face	As long as Cleffa is Asleep, prevent all damage done to Cleffa by attacks.
1018	3	Sweet Sleeping Face	As long as Pichu is Asleep, prevent all damage done to Pichu by attacks.
1019	3	Sweet Sleeping Face	As long as Tyrogue is Asleep, prevent all damage done to Tyrogue by attacks.
1020	3	Conductivity	Whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card from his or her hand to 1 of his or her Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon.
1021	3	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to Donphan by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1022	3	Sacred Rainbow	All energy attached to Ho-Oh LEGEND are Fire Energy instead of their usual type.
1023	2	Stardust Song	Once during your turn, when you put Jirachi from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip 3 coins. For each heads, search your discard pile for a Psychic Energy card and attach it to Jirachi.
1024	2	Magical Trans	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Psychic Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Mismagius is affected by a Special Condition.
1025	2	Leap Frog	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose a Water Pokémon on your Bench and switch it with your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Politoed is affected by a Special Condition.
1026	2	Celebration Wind	Once during your turn, when you put Shaymin from your hand onto your Bench, you may move as many Energy cards attached to your Pokémon as you like to any of your other Pokémon.
1027	2	Wash Out	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Water Energy attached to 1 of your Benched Pokémon to your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Blastoise is affected by a Special Condition.
1028	2	Water Acceleration	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Floatzel. This power can't be used if Floatzel is affected by a Special Condition.
1029	2	Energy Signal	When you attach a Grass Energy card or Psychic Energy card from your hand to Roserade during your turn, you may use this power. If you attach a Grass Energy card, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused. If you attach a Psychic Energy card, the Defending Pokémon is now Poisoned. This power can't be used if Roserade is affected by a Special Condition.
1030	2	Hot Snort	Once during your turn when you put Torkoal from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned.
1031	2	Sunny Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 1 damage counter from your Active Pokémon. This power can't be used if Cherrim is affected by a Special Condition.
1032	2	Spray Splash	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This power can't be used if Kingdra is affected by a Special Condition.
1033	2	Submerge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Lanturn's type is Water until the end of your turn. This power can't be used if Lanturn is affected by a Special Condition.
1034	3	Psychic Float	If you have any Psychic Energy attached to your Active Pokémon, the Retreat Cost for that Pokémon is 0.
1035	3	Boost Gas	If Pupitar has any Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Pupitar is 0.
1036	3	Energy Healer	Whenever you attach an Energy card from you hand to 1 of your Pokémon, remove 1 damage counter from that Pokémon.
1037	3	Perfect Metal	Steelix can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
1038	3	Berserk	If Ursaring has any damage counters on it, each of Ursaring's attacks does 60 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1039	2	Hustle Step	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 1 damage counter from each of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Bellossom is affected by a Special Condition.
1040	2	Portrait	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Smeargle is your Active Pokémon, you may look at your opponent's hand. If you do, choose a Supporter card you find there and use the effect of that card as the effect of this power. This power can't be used if Smeargle is affected by a Special Condition.
1041	2	Mischievous Trick	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch 1 of your face-down Prize cards with the top card of your deck. This power can't be used if Rotom is affected by a Special Condition.
1042	2	Claw Snag	Once during your turn, when you play Weavile from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at your opponent's hand. Choose a card from your opponent's hand and discard it.
1043	2	DARK	Once during your turn,when you put Unown from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your deck for a Darkness Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1044	2	Active Volcano	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard the top card of your deck. If that card is a Fire Energy card, attach it to Slugma. This power can't be used if Slugma is affected by a Special Condition.
1045	2	Fire Breath	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned. This power can't be used if Houndoom is affected by a Special Condition.
1046	2	Voltage Increase	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Lightning Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to Raichu. This power can't be used if Raichu is affected by a Special Condition.
1047	2	Opponent's Choice	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may reveal the top 2 cards of your deck and your opponent chooses 1 of them. Put that card into your hand and the other card on the bottom of your deck. This power can't be used if Slowking is affected by a Special Condition.
1048	2	Cloud-Covered Moon	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Umbreon is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, return Umbreon and all cards attached to it to your hand. This power can't be used if Umbreon is affected by a Special Condition.
1049	3	Retreat Aid	As long as Dodrio is on your Bench, your Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost is ColorlessColorless less.
1050	3	Defense Sign	Prevent all damage done to your Benched Grass Pokémon by attacks.
1051	3	Allergy Flower	Each player can't play any Trainer cards from his or her hand.
1052	3	Evolution Memories	Espeon can use the attacks of all Pokémon you have in play that evolve from Eevee as its own. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
1053	3	Red Armor	Prevent all damage done to Scizor by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that have any Special Energy cards attached to them.
1054	3	Space Virus	If your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack of Rayquaza & Deoxys LEGEND, take 1 more Prize card.
1055	2	Dimension Transfer	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck. This power can't be used if Porygon-Z is affected by a Special Condition.
1056	2	Spooky Whirlpool	Once during your turn, when you put Spiritomb from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this power. Your opponent shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws 6 cards.
1057	2	Poison Moth Wind	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Poisoned. If tails, your Active Pokémon is now Poisoned. This power can't be used if Venomoth is affected by a Special Condition.
1058	2	Mapping	Once during your turn, when you play Porygon2 from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for a Stadium card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1059	2	CURE	Once during your turn, when you put Unown from your hand onto your Bench, remove all Special Conditions from your Active Pokémon.
1060	2	Forest Breath	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Celebi is your Active Pokémon, you may attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon. This power can't be used if Celebi is affected by a Special Condition.
1061	2	Energymite	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. If you do, Electrode is Knocked Out. Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. Choose as many Energy cards as you like and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Discard the other cards. This power can't be used if Electrode is affected by a Special Condition.
1062	2	Fighting Tag	Once during your turn (before your attack), if Machamp is on your Bench, you may move all Fighting Energy attached to your Active Pokémon to Machamp. If you do, switch Machamp with your Active Pokémon.
1063	2	Magnetic Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand. This power can't be used if Magnezone is affected by a Special Condition.
1064	3	Pheromone Stamina	Nidoking gets +20 HP for each Nidoqueen you have in play.
1065	3	Fiery Spirit	Rapidash can't be Confused.
1066	3	Heal Block	If you have Lunatone in play, damage counters can't be removed from any Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's). (Damage counters can still be moved.)
1067	3	Tangling Tendrils	As long as Victreebel is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost is ColorlessColorless more.
1068	3	Dittobolic	The number of Benched Pokémon your opponent can have is now 4. If your opponent has 5 Benched Pokémon, your opponent must discard 1 of them and all cards attached to it.
1069	3	Sweet Sleeping Face	As long as Elekid is Asleep, prevent all damage done to Elekid by attacks.
1070	3	Natural Remedy	Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Golduck, remove 2 damage counters from Golduck.
1071	3	Sweet Sleeping Face	As long as Magby is Asleep, prevent all damage done to Magby by attacks.
1072	3	Lonely Bone	Any damage done to Cubone by your opponent's attacks is reduced by 20 for each Marowak in your discard pile (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1073	3	Free Flight	If Yanma has no Energy attached to it, Yanma's Retreat Cost is 0.
1074	3	Eye of Disaster	As long as Absol is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent puts a Basic Pokémon from his or her hand onto his or her Bench, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
1075	3	Catastrophe	As long as Gengar is your Active Pokémon, if any of your opponent's Pokémon would be Knocked Out, put that Pokémon in the Lost Zone instead of discarding it. (Discard all cards attached to that Pokémon.)
1076	3	Lost Link	Mew can use the attacks of all of the Pokémon in the Lost Zone (both yours and your opponent's). (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
1077	3	Insight	If you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent the attack cost of each of Yanmega's attacks is 0.
1078	2	Self-Generation	Once during your turn, when you put Pachirisu from your hand onto your Bench, you may attach up to 2 Lightning Energy cards from your hand to Pachirisu.
1079	2	Trick Reveal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have both you and your opponent reveal your hands. This power can't be used if Mr. Mime is affected by a Special Condition.
1080	3	Sweet Sleeping Face	As long as Mime Jr. is Asleep, prevent all damage done to Mime Jr. by attacks.
1081	3	Ultra-thick Skin	As long as Phanpy has any Energy attached to it, any damage done to Phanpy by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1082	3	Extreme Speed	Entei's Retreat Cost is Colorless less for each Fire Energy attached to Entei.
1083	3	Extreme Speed	Raikou's Retreat Cost is Colorless less for each Lightning Energy attached to Raikou.
1084	3	Extreme Speed	Suicune's Retreat Cost is Colorless less for each Water Energy attached to Suicune.
1085	4	Magic Room	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play any Item cards from his or her hand.
1086	4	Black Eyes	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
1087	4	Leaf Tailor	Each of your Pokémon that has any Energy attached to it has no Weakness.
1088	4	Victory Star	Once during your turn, after you flip any coins for an attack, you may ignore all effects of those coin flips and begin flipping those coins again. You can't use more than 1 Victory Star Ability each turn.
1089	4	Solid Rock	If any damage is done to this Pokémon by attacks, flip a coin. If heads, reduce that damage by 50 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1090	4	Cursed Body	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Confused.
1091	4	Dynamotor	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Lightning Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
1092	4	Durable Body	If this Pokémon would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, flip a coin. If heads, this Pokémon is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
1093	4	Cursed Shadow	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may put 3 damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon in any way you like.
1094	4	Craftsmanship	This Pokémon gets +20 HP for each Fighting Energy attached to it.
1095	4	Ancient Power	Each player can't play any Pokémon from his or her hand to evolve his or her Pokémon.
1096	4	Dark Aura	All Energy attached to this Pokémon are Darkness Energy instead of their usual type.
1097	4	Rough Skin	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
1098	4	Sporprise	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. If you do, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Confused and Poisoned.
1099	4	Blazing Mane	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out),the Attacking Pokémon is now Burned.
1100	4	Slippery Soles	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you do, your opponent switches his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
1101	4	Psychic Mirage	Each basic Psychic Energy attached to your Psychic Pokémon provides PsychicPsychic Energy. You can't apply more than 1 Psychic Mirage Ability at a time.
1102	4	Forewarn	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 2 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and put it into your hand. Put the other card back on top of your deck.
1103	4	Reflexive Retaliation	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
1104	4	Giant Fan	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Your opponent shuffles that Pokémon and all cards attached to it into his or her deck.
1105	4	Heal Block	Damage can't be healed from any Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's). (Damage counters can still be moved.)
1106	4	Smooth Coat	If any damage is done to this Pokémon by attacks, flip a coin. If heads, prevent that damage.
1107	4	Inferno Fandango	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
1108	4	Floral Scent	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1109	4	Scorching Scales	Put 4 damage counters instead of 2 on your opponent's Burned Pokémon between turns.
1110	4	Airhead	If you have 2, 4, or 6 Prize cards left, this Pokémon can't attack.
1111	4	Diving Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a card from your hand. If you do, draw 2 cards.
1112	4	Solar Revelation	Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to each of your Pokémon that has any Energy attached to it.
1113	4	Ancient Scream	Your Pokémon's attacks do 10 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1114	4	Dark Cloak	Each of your Pokémon that has any Darkness Energy attached to it has no Retreat Cost.
1115	4	Softboiled	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, heal 30 damage from your Active Pokémon.
1116	4	Leave It to the Wind	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may return this Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your hand.
1117	4	Cast-off Shell	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for Shedinja and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1118	4	Le Parfum	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for any card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1119	4	Bright Look	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with his or her Active Pokémon.
1120	4	Rebirth	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may flip a coin. If heads, put this Pokémon onto your Bench and attach 3 different types of basic Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
1121	4	Electromagnetic Wall	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent attaches an Energy from his or her hand to 1 of his or her Pokémon, put 3 damage counters on that Pokémon.
1122	4	Versatile	This Pokémon can use the attacks of any Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's). (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
1123	4	Empty Shell	If this Pokémon is Knocked Out, your opponent can't take any Prize cards for it.
1124	4	Safeguard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by Pokémon-EX.
1125	4	Garbotoxin	If this Pokémon has a Pokémon Tool card attached to it, each Pokémon in play, in each player's hand, and in each player's discard pile has no Abilities (except for Garbotoxin).
1126	4	Toppling Wind	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may discard the top 3 cards of your opponent's deck.
1127	4	Fight Song	Your Dragon Pokémon's attacks do 20 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1128	4	Dragon Call	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Dragon Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1129	4	Dark Trance	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Darkness Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
1130	4	Unobservant	If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, this Pokémon can't attack.
1131	4	Bouffer	Any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1132	4	Royal Heal	At any time between turns, heal 10 damage from each of your Pokémon.
1133	4	Damage Swap	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
1134	4	Fair-Weather Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 20 damage from 1 of your Pokémon that has any { Grass } Energy attached to it.
1135	4	Freefloating	If this Pokémon has no Energy attached to it, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1136	4	Rain Dish	At any time between turns, heal 20 damage from this Pokémon.
1137	4	Final Wish	When this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1138	4	Spiteful Spirit	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, the Attacking Pokémon is now Confused and Poisoned.
1139	4	Dual Brains	During your turn, you may play 2 Supporter cards.
1140	4	Free Flight	If this Pokémon has no Energy attached to it, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1141	4	Night Sight	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw a card.
1142	4	Aftermath	When this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, discard the top 3 cards of your opponent's deck.
1143	4	Premonition	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 2 cards of your deck and put them back on top of your deck in any order.
1144	4	Dual Armor	If this Pokémon has any { Metal } Energy attached to it, this Pokémon's type is both { Fighting } and { Metal }.
1145	4	Plasma Steel	Prevent all damage done to your Metal Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-EX.
1146	4	Moon Guidance	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from 1 of your Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
1147	4	Block	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Active Pokémon can't retreat.
1148	4	Bright Veil	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent plays an Item card from his or her hand, prevent all effects of that card done to your Pokémon.
1149	4	Overflow	If your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack of this Pokémon, take 1 more Prize card.
1150	4	Big Wing	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may have your opponent switch his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
1151	4	Deluge	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Water Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
1152	4	Propagation	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may put this Pokémon into your hand.
1153	4	Flare Navigate	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Fire Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. If you do, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1154	4	Laid-Back	Any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1155	4	Freeze Zone	The Retreat Cost of each of your Team Plasma Pokémon in play is ColorlessColorless less.
1156	4	Magnetic Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw cards until you have 4 cards in your hand.
1157	4	Bench Barrier	Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon by attacks.
1158	4	Plasma Search	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Team Plasma card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You may not use an Ability with the same name during your turn.
1159	4	Power Connect	Your Team Plasma Pokémon's attacks (excluding Deoxys-EX) do 10 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1160	4	Six Feet Under	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may Knock Out this Pokémon. If you do, put 3 damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon in any way you like.
1161	4	Dark Shade	Each of your Team Plasma Pokémon in play gets +20 HP.
1162	4	Bright Down	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Pokémon with Abilities.
1163	4	Color Change	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, this Pokémon is the same type as your opponent's Active Pokémon.
1164	4	Tool Reversal	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may put a Pokémon Tool card attached to 1 of your Pokémon into your hand.
1165	4	Prehistoric Call	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may put this Pokémon on the bottom of your deck.
1166	4	Verdant Wind	Each of your Pokémon that has any Grass Energy attached to it can't be affected by any Special Conditions. (Remove any Special Conditions affecting those Pokémon.)
1167	4	Red Signal	When you attach a Plasma Energy from your hand to this Pokémon, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with his or her Active Pokémon.
1168	4	Cursed Glare	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't attach any Special Energy cards from his or her hand to his or her Pokémon.
1169	4	Drifting Balloon	This Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless less for each of your opponent's Team Plasma Pokémon in play.
1170	4	Mental Shroud	If you have Uxie and Azelf in play, each of your Pokémon has no Weakness.
1171	4	Toolbox	This Pokémon may have up to 4 Pokémon Tool cards attached to it. (If this Pokémon loses this Ability, discard Pokémon Tool cards attached to this Pokémon until only 1 Pokémon Tool card remains.)
1172	4	Badge of Discipline	The damage of each of your Fighting Pokémon's attacks isn't affected by Resistance.
1173	4	Stellar Guidance	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1174	4	Breakwing	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may discard all Pokémon Tool cards attached to each of your opponent's Pokémon.
1175	4	Plasma Transfer	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Plasma Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
1176	4	Sinister Hand	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of your opponent's Pokémon.
1177	4	Shell Armor	Any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1178	4	Rush In	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may switch this Pokémon with your Active Pokémon.
1179	4	Sealing Scream	Each player can't play any ACE SPEC cards from his or her hand.
1180	4	Royal Garden	If this Pokémon has any Grass Energy attached to it, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1181	4	Adaptive Evolution	This Pokémon can evolve during your first turn or the turn you play it.
1182	4	Leaf Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Grass Energy card from your hand. If you do, draw 3 cards.
1183	4	Intimidating Mane	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Basic Pokémon.
1184	4	Counterattack Quills	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
1185	4	Energy Grace	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may Knock Out this Pokémon. If you do, attach 3 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-EX).
1186	4	Shadow Void	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to this Pokémon.
1187	4	Thorn Tempest	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
1188	4	Flower Veil	Each of your Grass Pokémon in play gets +20 HP.
1189	4	Poison Barrier	Your opponent's Poisoned Pokémon can't retreat.
1190	4	Gooey Regeneration	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may discard an Energy attached to this Pokémon. If you do, heal 60 damage from this Pokémon.
1191	4	Stir and Snooze	If this Pokémon is Asleep, flip 2 coins instead of 1 between turns. If either of them is tails, this Pokémon is still Asleep.
1192	4	Big Jump	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may return this Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your hand.
1193	4	Wafting Scent	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Grass Energy attached to this Pokémon. If you do, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Confused and Poisoned.
1194	4	King's Song	Ignore all Colorless Energy in the attack cost of each of your Poliwag, Poliwhirl, and Poliwrath's attacks.
1195	4	Ice Shield	Any damage done by an opponent's attack to each of your Water Pokémon that has any Water Energy attached to it is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1196	4	Victory Kiss	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may heal 10 damage from your Active Pokémon.
1197	4	Teleport Room	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard any Stadium card in play. If you do, put a Stadium card with a different name from your discard pile into play.
1198	4	Fighting Fury	Each of your Fighting Pokémon's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1199	4	Thick Fat	Any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Fire or Water Pokémon is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1200	4	Shining Spirit	Damage from this Pokémon's attacks isn't affected by Weakness or Resistance.
1201	4	Counterattack	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
1202	4	Secret Key	Each of your Fairy Pokémon's Resistance is now -40.
1203	4	Bust In	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may move any number of basic Energy attached to your Pokémon to this Pokémon. If you do, switch this Pokémon with your Active Pokémon.
1204	4	Echolocation	If any damage is done to this Pokémon by attacks, flip a coin. If heads, prevent that damage.
1205	4	Energy Evolution	When you attach a basic Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon that is the same type as that Energy card and put it onto this Pokémon. (This counts as evolving this Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
1206	4	Flare Command	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Fire Energy attached to this Pokémon. If you do, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with his or her Active Pokémon.
1207	4	Sneaky Bite	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1208	4	Surprise Bite	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1209	4	Bide Barricade	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, each Pokémon in play, in each player's hand, and in each player's discard pile has no Abilities (except for Psychic Pokémon).
1210	4	Fainting Spell	If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is Knocked Out.
1211	4	Gourgantic	If this Pokémon has any Grass Energy attached to it, its maximum HP is 200.
1212	4	High Density Armor	If this Pokémon has full HP, any damage done to this Pokémon by an opponent's attack is reduced by 50 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1213	4	Hyper Hypnosis	When you attach an Energy from your hand to this Pokémon, you may use this Ability. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Asleep.
1214	4	Metal Links	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Metal Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
1215	4	Mighty Shield	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from each of your opponent's Pokémon that has Special Energy attached to it.
1216	4	Tasting	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw a card. If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, draw 1 more card.
1217	4	Dark Impulse	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Darkness Energy card from your discard pile to your Active Pokémon.
1218	4	Slip Trip	Each player can't attach any Pokémon Tool cards from his or her hand to any of his or her Pokémon.
1219	4	Nurture and Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon. If you do, heal 30 damage from that Pokémon.
1220	4	Captivating Rhythm	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with his or her Active Pokémon.
1221	4	Barrier Shrine	Each player can't play any Stadium cards from his or her hand.
1222	4	Diving Search	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a card. Shuffle your deck, then put that card on top of it.
1223	4	Water Veil	Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, remove all Special Conditions from it.
1224	4	Sparkling Ripples	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may put a card from your discard pile into your hand.
1225	4	Energy Connect	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a basic Energy attached to 1 of your Benched Pokémon to your Active Pokémon.
1226	4	Rock Wall	Any damage done to your Pokémon by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1227	4	Unruly Claw	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may discard an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
1228	4	Miracle Guard	Each of your Pokémon has no Weakness.
1229	4	Sand Flap	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose either player. That player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws 4 cards.
1230	4	Sap Sipper	This Pokémon's attacks do 40 more damage to your opponent's Grass Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1231	4	Miraculous Scales	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-EX.
1232	4	Wing Buzz	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may discard a card from your hand. If you do, discard the top card of your opponent's deck.
1233	4	Tool Concealment	Each Pokémon Tool card in play has no effect.
1234	4	Cursed Eyes	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may move 3 damage counters from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of his or her Pokémon.
1235	4	Serene Grace	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at the top 8 cards of your deck. Choose any basic Energy cards you find there and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
1236	4	Jewel Armor	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks (both yours and your opponent's).
1237	4	Max Wind	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may heal all damage from 1 of your Pokémon.
1238	4	Exoskeleton	Any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1239	4	Dragon Road	If there is any Stadium card in play, the Retreat Cost of each of your Dragon Pokémon in play is ColorlessColorless less.
1240	4	Turboblaze	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Dragon Pokémon.
1241	4	Clear Humming	Each of your Colorless Pokémon has no Weakness.
1242	4	Set Up	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand.
1243	4	Irritating Pollen	Each player can't play any Item cards from his or her hand.
1244	4	Poisonous Nest	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this Ability. Both Active Pokémon (except for Grass Pokémon) are now Poisoned.
1245	4	Flare Effect	Each of your Stage 1 Pokémon in play is now a Fire Pokémon in addition to its existing types.
1246	4	Aqua Effect	Each of your Stage 1 Pokémon in play is now a Water Pokémon in addition to its existing types.
1247	4	Electric Effect	Each of your Stage 1 Pokémon in play is now a Lightning Pokémon in addition to its existing types.
1248	4	Farewell Letter	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may discard this Pokémon and all cards attached to it (this does not count as a Knock Out). If you do, draw a card.
1249	4	Double Type	As long as this Pokémon is in play, it is Psychic and Fighting type.
1250	4	Scoundrel Ring	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon-EX (except for Hoopa-EX), reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1251	4	Magnetic Warp	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you do, your opponent switches his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
1252	4	Bright Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 20 damage from each of your Pokémon.
1253	4	Renegade Pulse	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Mega Evolution Pokémon.
1254	4	Water Down	Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, you may search your deck for Goomy and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1255	4	Energy Color	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a basic Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1256	4	Abyssal Hand	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw cards until you have 5 cards in your hand.
1257	4	Dignified Fighter	Each of your Basic Pokémon's attacks does 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1258	4	Sparkling Induction	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, its Retreat Cost is Colorless less for each Magnemite on your Bench.
1259	4	Magnetic Circuit	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
1260	4	Shining Body	If this Pokémon has any Lightning Energy attached to it, any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1261	4	Gothic Fear	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may leave both Active Pokémon Confused.
1262	4	Twisted Incantation	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may have your opponent shuffle his or her hand into his or her deck and draw a card for each of his or her remaining Prize cards.
1263	4	My Way	If there is any Stadium card in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1264	4	Premonition	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck and put them back on top of your deck in any order.
1265	4	Stand In	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may switch this Pokémon with your Active Pokémon.
1266	4	Fright Night	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, each Pokémon Tool card in play has no effect.
1267	4	Calming Aroma	Each of your Pokémon's attacks costs Fairy less.
1268	4	Floral Breeze	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 30 damage and remove a Special Condition from your Active Pokémon.
1269	4	Retreat Aid	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, your Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost is ColorlessColorless less.
1270	4	Plump Body	Any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1271	4	Second Coat	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch a basic Energy card attached to your Active Pokémon with a different type of basic Energy card from your discard pile.
1272	4	Overgrow	If this Pokémon's remaining HP is 50 or less, its attacks do 70 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1273	4	Hyper Transfer	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a basic Energy from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
1274	4	Royal Flash	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, move an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon to 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
1275	4	Wind Charm	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to each of your Pokémon. (Existing effects are not removed.)
1276	4	Aqua Tube	Each of your Pokémon that has any Water Energy attached to it has no Retreat Cost.
1277	4	Giant Water Shuriken	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may discard a Water Energy card from your hand. If you do, put 6 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1278	4	Zap Zone	Damage from the attacks of your Lightning Pokémon isn't affected by any effects on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
1279	4	Goodnight, Babies	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may leave both Active Pokémon Asleep.
1280	4	Nervous Seed	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Basic Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless more.
1281	4	Antibodies	This Pokémon can't be affected by any Special Conditions. (Remove any Special Conditions affecting this Pokémon.)
1282	4	Purifying Fire	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon has any basic Fire Energy attached to it, you may heal 50 damage from it.
1283	4	Shadow Ear	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1284	4	Flash Fire	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Fire Energy from 1 of your Pokémon to this Pokémon.
1285	4	Drag Along	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is Knocked Out.
1286	4	Wormadam First	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Wormadam to another of your Pokémon.
1287	4	Serpentine Strangle	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
1288	4	Flare Witch	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Fire Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1289	4	Restoring Beam	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Restored Pokémon and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1290	4	Dangerous Tentacle	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon-EX with his or her Active Pokémon.
1291	4	Hand Block	If you have a Stadium card in play, your opponent can't attach any Special Energy cards from his or her hand to his or her Pokémon.
1292	4	Kinesis	When you play M Alakazam-EX from your hand to evolve this Pokémon, before it evolves, you may put 2 damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon and 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
1293	4	Memories of Dawn	This Pokémon can use the attacks of any of your Basic Pokémon in play. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
1294	4	Bodyguard	Prevent all effects of attacks done to you or your hand by your opponent's Pokémon. Remove any existing effects.
1295	4	Regi Power	The attacks of your Fighting Pokémon (excluding Regirock-EX) do 10 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1296	4	Energy Keeper	Basic Energy attached to your Basic Pokémon can't be discarded by effects of your opponent's attacks, Abilities, or Trainer cards.
1297	4	Safeguard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Pokémon-EX.
1298	4	Raging Roar	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may attach 1 Darkness Energy from your discard pile to this Pokémon for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
1299	4	Metal Fortress	Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, including damage, done to your Benched Pokémon.
1300	4	Drive Change	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put a Pokémon Tool card attached to this Pokémon into your hand.
1301	4	Sparkle Veil	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, any damage done to your Pokémon by an opponent's attack is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1302	4	Pressure	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, any damage done by attacks from your opponent's Active Pokémon is reduced by 20 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1303	2	Frenzied Escape	When this Doduo retreats, hold this card and throw it as hard as you can because Doduo is running away. Throw the card horizontally with a snap to get the farthest distance!
1304	4	Sonic Vision	If you have exactly 4 cards in your hand, ignore all Energy in the attack cost of each of this Pokémon's attacks.
1305	4	Play Ball	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may put 3 Poké Ball cards from your discard pile into your hand.
1306	4	Steam Up	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Fire Energy card from your hand. If you do, during this turn, your Basic Fire Pokémon's attacks do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1307	4	Mega Boost	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Special Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Mega Evolution Pokémon.
1308	4	Shocking Light	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon-EX.
1309	4	King's Palace	Your Nidoqueen's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1310	4	Sinister Selection	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 2 cards of your deck and put 1 of them into your hand. Discard the other card.
1311	4	Restored Barrier	Each of your Restored Pokémon has no Weakness.
1312	4	Poison Enzyme	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Poisoned Pokémon.
1313	4	Tear Away	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may put a Pokémon Tool card attached to 1 of your Pokémon into your hand.
1314	4	Heavy Bumper	Any damage done to this Pokémon by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 for each Colorless in your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1315	4	Mystic Heart	Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to each of your Pokémon that has any Metal Energy attached to it. (Existing effects are not removed.)
1316	4	Wonder Lock	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may discard all cards attached to this Pokémon and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon as a Pokémon Tool card. Prevent any damage done to the Pokémon this card is attached to by attacks from your opponent's Mega Evolution Pokémon. If this card is attached to a Pokémon, discard this card at the end of your opponent's turn.
1317	4	Gale Wings	If this Pokémon is in your hand when you are setting up to play, you may put it face down as your Active Pokémon.
1318	4	Sudden Cyclone	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may have your opponent switch his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
1319	4	Energy Burn	All Energy attached to this Pokémon are Fire Energy instead of their usual type.
1320	4	Burning Road	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon was on the Bench and became your Active Pokémon this turn, you may move any number of Fire Energy attached to your Pokémon to this Pokémon.
1321	4	Space Beacon	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a card from your hand. If you do, put 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand. (You can't choose a card you discarded with the effect of this Ability.)
1322	4	Neutral Shield	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Evolution Pokémon.
1323	4	Submerge	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks (both yours and your opponent's).
1324	4	Counterattack	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 3 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
1325	4	Mischievous Fang	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may discard all Pokémon Tool cards attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
1326	4	Pull Up	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may put 2 Basic Pokémon (except for Dragonite-EX) from your discard pile into your hand.
1327	4	Buzzap Thunder	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may Knock Out this Pokémon and attach it to one of your Lightning Pokémon as a Special Energy card. This card provides 2 Lightning Energy only while this card is attached to a Pokémon.
1328	4	Feather Arrow	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1329	4	Illuminate	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Grass Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1330	4	Queenly Majesty	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may have your opponent reveal their hand. Then, discard a card from it.
1331	4	Cowardice	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard all cards attached to this Pokémon and return it to your hand. You can't use this Ability during your first turn or on the turn this Pokémon was put into play.
1332	4	Water Bubble	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Fire Pokémon.
1333	4	Innards Out	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put 6 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
1334	4	Strong Charge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Grass Energy card and a Lightning Energy card and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
1335	4	Power of Alchemy	Each Basic Pokémon in play, in each player's hand, and in each player's discard pile has no Abilities.
1336	4	Toxic Spikes	Whenever your opponent's Active Pokémon retreats, their new Active Pokémon is Poisoned.
1337	4	Psychic Transfer	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Psychic Energy from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
1338	4	Wall of Sand	This Pokémon takes 20 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1339	4	Rough Skin	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 3 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
1340	4	Tangling Hair	Your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost is Colorless more.
1341	4	Ultra Road	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
1342	4	Curative Pollen	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 20 damage from 1 of your Pokémon.
1343	4	Energy Evolution	When you attach a basic Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon that is the same type as that Energy card and put it onto this Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
1344	4	Treasure Hunt	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put an Item card from your discard pile into your hand.
1345	4	Search the Premises	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have your opponent reveal their hand.
1346	4	Instruct	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw cards until you have 3 cards in your hand.
1347	4	Armor	This Pokémon takes 30 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1348	4	Victory Star	Once during your turn, after you flip any coins for an attack, you may ignore all results of those coin flips and begin flipping those coins again. You can't use more than 1 Victory Star Ability each turn.
1349	4	Shady Move	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 Pokémon to another Pokémon.
1350	4	Hot Poison	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Burned and Poisoned.
1351	4	Slush Rush	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw a card.
1352	4	Schooling	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch this Pokémon with a Wishiwashi-GX in your hand. Any attached cards, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pokémon.
1353	4	Aero Trail	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may move any number of Lightning Energy from your other Pokémon to this Pokémon. If you do, switch this Pokémon with your Active Pokémon.
1354	4	Vital Dance	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1355	4	Steelworker	Your Metal Pokémon's attacks do 10 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1356	4	Wonder Tag	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1357	4	Daunting Pose	Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon by your opponent's attacks. Your opponent's attacks and Abilities can't put damage counters on your Benched Pokémon.
1358	4	Roadblock	Your opponent can't have more than 4 Benched Pokémon. If they have 5 or more Benched Pokémon, they discard Benched Pokémon until they have 4 Pokémon on the Bench. If more than one effect changes the number of Benched Pokémon allowed, use the smaller number.
1359	4	Bloodthirsty Eyes	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
1360	4	Geotech System	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Psychic or Metal Energy card from your discard pile to your Active Pokémon.
1361	4	Flower Shield	Each of your Pokémon that has any Fairy Energy attached to it can't be affected by any Special Conditions. Remove any Special Conditions affecting those Pokémon.
1362	4	Bulletproof	This Pokémon takes 10 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1363	4	Fresh Egg	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may heal 80 damage from your Active Pokémon.
1364	4	Rake It In	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may draw 3 cards.
1365	4	Comatose	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, whenever you attach an Energy from your hand to it, it is now Asleep.
1366	4	Disgusting Pollen	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Basic Pokémon can't attack.
1367	4	Guts	If this Pokémon would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, flip a coin. If heads, this Pokémon is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10.
1368	4	Wimp Out	During your first turn, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1369	4	Luminous Barrier	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX.
1370	4	Thick Fat	This Pokémon takes 30 less damage from the attacks of your opponent's Fire or Water Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1371	4	Evoshock	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Paralyzed.
1372	4	More Poison	Put 1 more damage counter on your opponent's Poisoned Pokémon between turns.
1373	4	Dark Invitation	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have your opponent reveal their hand. Put a Basic Pokémon you find there onto your opponent's Bench, and put 3 damage counters on that Pokémon.
1374	4	Light's End	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from Colorless Pokémon.
1375	4	Toppling Wind	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may discard the top 3 cards of your opponent's deck.
1376	4	Heal Block	If you have Solrock in play, Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) can't be healed.
1377	4	Stance	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon until the end of your opponent's next turn.
1378	4	Shadow Hunt	This Pokémon can use the attacks of any Basic Pokémon in your discard pile. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
1379	4	Restoration	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may put it onto your Bench. Then, attach a Darkness Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
1380	4	Secret Spring	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Fairy Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
1381	4	Honey Gather	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1382	4	Initialize	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may devolve each of your opponent's evolved Pokémon by putting the highest Stage Evolution card on it into your opponent's hand.
1383	4	Jungle Totem	Each basic Grass Energy attached to your Pokémon provides GrassGrass Energy. You can't apply more than 1 Jungle Totem Ability at a time.
1384	4	Energy Reload	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Grass Energy from 1 of your other Pokémon to this Pokémon.
1385	4	Heat Cyclone	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have your opponent switch their Active Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Pokémon.
1386	4	Plunge	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may move all Energy from your Active Pokémon to this Pokémon. If you do, switch it with your Active Pokémon.
1387	4	Blessings of the Deep	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 20 damage from 1 of your Pokémon that has any Water Energy attached to it.
1388	4	Intimidating Pattern	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Active Pokémon's attacks do 30 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1389	4	Let Loose	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may have each player shuffle their hand into their deck and draw 4 cards.
1390	4	Cursed Whirlpool	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Active Pokémon can't retreat.
1391	4	Trade	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a card from your hand. If you do, draw 2 cards.
1392	4	Scoundrel Guard	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX.
1393	4	Fabled Defense	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon by your opponent's attacks.
1394	4	Shell On	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Shelmet from your hand. If you do, search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon and put it onto this Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
1395	4	Sap Sipper	This Pokémon's attacks do 80 more damage to your opponent's Grass Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1396	4	Escape	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may shuffle this Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your deck.
1397	4	Iceberg Shield	If you have Regirock in play, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Stage 2 Pokémon.
1398	4	Surge Surfer	If there is any Stadium card in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1399	4	Gnawing Curse	Whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card from their hand to 1 of their Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
1400	4	Own Tempo	This Pokémon can't be Confused.
1401	4	Empty Light	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may leave both Active Pokémon Confused and Poisoned.
1402	4	Rock Peak Growl	Your Registeel's attacks do 10 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1403	4	Fluffy	This Pokémon takes 30 less damage from the attacks of your opponent's non-Fire Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1404	4	Weed Out	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose 3 of your Benched Pokémon. Then, discard your other Benched Pokémon.
1405	4	Slice Off	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard a Special Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1406	4	Moomoo Malt	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon, heal 90 damage from that Pokémon.
1407	4	Seal of Antiquity	This Pokémon can't attack unless Regirock, Regice, and Registeel are on your Bench.
1408	4	Gyro Unit	Your Basic Pokémon in play have no Retreat Cost.
1409	4	Weather Guard	Your Grass Pokémon have no Weakness.
1410	4	Breath of the Leaves	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 50 damage from 1 of your Pokémon that has any Energy attached to it.
1411	4	Roto Motor	If you have 9 or more Pokémon Tool cards in your discard pile, ignore all Energy in the attack cost of each of this Pokémon's attacks.
1412	4	Incandescent Body	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Burned.
1413	4	Flaming Fighter	Put 6 damage counters instead of 2 on your opponent's Burned Pokémon between turns.
1414	4	Blessings of the Frost	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may attach a Water Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
1415	4	Freezing Gaze	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX in play, in their hand, and in their discard pile have no Abilities, except for Freezing Gaze.
1416	4	Evolutionary Advantage	If you go second, this Pokémon can evolve during your first turn.
1417	4	Intimidating Fang	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Active Pokémon's attacks do 30 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1418	4	Chaotic Star	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may attach 2 Psychic Energy cards from your hand to it.
1419	4	Invasion	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may switch it with your Active Pokémon.
1420	4	Precognitive Aura	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Garchomp in play, you may search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1421	4	Power Huddle	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, your Passimian's attacks do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Evolution Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1422	4	Nightmare Star	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may attach 2 Darkness Energy cards from your hand to it.
1423	4	Solid Unit	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks (both yours and your opponent's).
1424	4	Magnetic Circuit	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Metal Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
1425	4	Earthen Shield	Prevent all damage done to your Metal Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that have any Special Energy attached to them.
1426	4	Change Clothes	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put a Pokémon Tool card attached to 1 of your Pokémon into your hand.
1427	4	Illuminate	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Fairy Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1428	4	Rock Hiding	If this Pokémon has any Fighting Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
1429	4	Flashing Head	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that have any Special Energy attached to them.
1430	4	Blessings of the Frost	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may attach a Grass Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
1431	4	Abnormal Outbreak	You can use this Ability only if you go second. Once during your first turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Spewpa and a Vivillon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1432	4	Mystical Torch	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Burned.
1433	4	Unnerve	Whenever your opponent plays an Item or Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Pokémon.
1434	4	Frubbles	If this Pokémon has any Water Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
1435	4	Gale Shuriken	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1436	4	Shuriken Flurry	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1437	4	Jet Geyser	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Water Energy card from your hand. If you do, your opponent switches their Active Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Pokémon.
1438	4	Silent Waves	If you have Azelf in play, your opponent's Pokémon in play have no Resistance.
1439	4	Final Hour	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1440	4	Psychic Recharge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Psychic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
1441	4	Poison Point	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned.
1442	4	Tyrannical Heart	As long as you don't have more Pokémon in play than your opponent, this Pokémon's attacks do 60 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance), and it takes 30 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1443	4	Earthen Aura	Damage from this Pokémon's attacks isn't affected by Weakness or Resistance.
1444	4	Princess's Cheers	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, your Fighting Pokémon's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1445	4	Wondrous Gift	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, put an Item card from your discard pile on top of your deck.
1446	4	Sticky Membrane	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless more.
1447	4	Hydration	Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, heal 20 damage from it.
1448	4	First Law	Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to this Pokémon.
1449	4	Fragrance Trap	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
1450	4	Power of Nature	Prevent all damage done to your Pokémon that have any Grass Energy attached to them by attacks from your opponent's Ultra Beasts.
1451	4	Poison Payback	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned.
1452	4	Smooth Over	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a card, shuffle your deck, then put that card on top of it.
1453	4	Legendary Ascent	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may switch it with your Active Pokémon. If you do, move any number of Water Energy from your other Pokémon to this Pokémon.
1454	4	Power Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a card from your hand. If you do, draw 3 cards.
1455	4	Aqua Lift	If this Pokémon has any Water Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
1456	4	Swing Dance	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw a card.
1457	4	Icy Barrier	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play any Stadium cards from their hand.
1458	4	Floating Electrons	If this Pokémon has any Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
1459	4	Extra Energy Bomb	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach 5 Energy cards from your discard pile to your Pokémon, except Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX, in any way you like. If you do, this Pokémon is Knocked Out.
1460	4	Energy Grounding	When 1 of your Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may move a basic Energy card from that Pokémon to this Pokémon.
1461	4	Electric Start	If you go second, and if this Pokémon is in your hand when you are setting up to play, you may put it face down as your Active Pokémon or on your Bench.
1462	4	Magic Evens	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by your opponent's attacks if that damage is exactly 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 120, 140, 160, 180, 200, 220, 240, or 260.
1463	4	Sol Shade	If you have Solrock in play, Fire Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities, except Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX.
1464	4	Sunbeam	The maximum HP of each of your Lunatone in play is 130.
1465	4	Red Eyes	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put a Basic Pokémon from your opponent's discard pile onto their Bench.
1466	4	Shady Move	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 Pokémon to another Pokémon.
1467	4	Shadow Shield	If this Pokémon has any Psychic Energy attached to it, it takes 20 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1468	4	Falling Star	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your hand and your Bench isn't full, you may move your Active Pokémon to your Bench and play this Pokémon as your new Active Pokémon.
1469	4	Excavate	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top card of your deck. You may discard that card.
1470	4	Danger Perception	If this Pokémon's remaining HP is 100 or less, its attacks do 80 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1471	4	Conductive Body	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, its Retreat Cost is Colorless less for each Beldum on your Bench.
1472	4	Extend	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your turn does not end when you play Steven's Resolve.
1473	4	Exoskeleton	This Pokémon takes 20 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1474	4	Wish Upon a Star	If you took this Pokémon as a face-down Prize card during your turn and your Bench isn't full, before you put it into your hand, you may put it onto your Bench and take 1 more Prize card.
1475	4	Full Metal Body	If this Pokémon has any Metal Energy attached to it, it has no Weakness.
1476	4	Ultra Wall	Your Ultra Beasts take 10 less damage from your opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1477	4	Dragon Wind	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
1478	4	Stormy Winds	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard the top 3 cards of your deck. If you do, attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
1479	4	Lazy	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Pokémon in play have no Abilities, except for Lazy.
1480	4	Search for Friends	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 2 Supporter cards from your discard pile into your hand.
1481	4	Unit Color 2	As long as this Pokémon has Unit Energy LightningPsychicMetal attached to it, it is a Lightning, Psychic, and Metal Pokémon.
1482	4	Burning Fighter	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may discard the top 5 cards of your deck. If any of those cards are Fire Energy cards, attach them to this Pokémon.
1483	4	Resolute Flame	This Pokémon's attacks do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon for each of their Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX in play.
1484	4	Natural Cure	Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, remove all Special Conditions from it.
1485	4	Firestarter	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
1486	4	Commotion	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on each of your Benched Pokémon.
1487	4	Downpour	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Water Energy card from your hand.
1488	4	Wash Out	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Water Energy from 1 of your Benched Pokémon to your Active Pokémon.
1489	4	Murmurs of the Sea	Your Water Pokémon can't be Confused. If those Pokémon are already Confused, remove that Special Condition.
1490	4	Meet Up	Your Wishiwashi-GX in play get +20 HP, and their attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1491	4	Dragon Guard	Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to your Dragon Pokémon. (Existing effects are not removed.)
1492	4	Fight Song	Your Dragon Pokémon's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1493	4	Energy Guard	If this Pokémon has any basic Energy attached to it, it takes 20 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1494	4	Dragon Lift	Your Pokémon in play have no Retreat Cost, except Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX.
1495	4	Quick-Ripening Herb	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this Ability. Choose 1 of your Basic Pokémon in play. If you have a Stage 2 card in your hand that evolves from that Pokémon, put that card onto the Basic Pokémon to evolve it. You can use this Ability during your first turn or on a Pokémon that was put into play this turn.
1496	4	Floral Path to the Sky	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for Jumpluff, put this Pokémon and all cards attached to it in the Lost Zone, and put that Jumpluff in its place. Then, shuffle your deck.
1497	4	Fresh Squeezed	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 3 basic Energy cards and discard them. Then, shuffle your deck.
1498	4	Protective Shell	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that have 2 or fewer Energy attached to them.
1499	4	Sunshine Grace	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Grass Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1500	4	Hazardous Evolution	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Paralyzed and Poisoned. If you do, put 3 damage counters instead of 1 on that Pokémon between turns.
1501	4	Molting	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put a Shedinja from your discard pile onto your Bench.
1502	4	Floral Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 20 damage from your Active Grass Pokémon.
1503	4	Blazing Energy	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this Ability. All Energy attached to your Pokémon are Fire Energy instead of their usual type until the end of your turn. (This includes cards that come into play on this turn.)
1504	4	Crushing Charge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard the top card of your deck. If it's a basic Energy card, attach it to 1 of your Pokémon.
1505	4	Wild Dash	If your opponent has any Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1506	4	Secret Alleyway	If you have any Fairy Pokémon in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1507	4	Go for a Swim	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 2 cards of your deck and put them back in any order.
1508	4	Mantine Surf	If this Pokémon has any Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
1509	4	Frozen Flow	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may have your opponent switch their Active Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Pokémon.
1510	4	Phantom Winds	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may shuffle it and all cards attached to it into your deck.
1511	4	Harmonics	Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon, except with an attack, Ability, or Trainer card, attach up to 2 Energy cards to that Pokémon instead of 1.
1512	4	Fluffy Pillow	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Asleep.
1513	4	Unseen Flash	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 2 Lightning Energy cards from your hand in the Lost Zone. If you do, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
1514	4	Sprint	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard your hand and draw 4 cards.
1515	4	Thunderclap Zone	Each of your Pokémon that has any Lightning Energy attached to it has no Retreat Cost.
1516	4	DAMAGE	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, and if there are 66 or more damage counters on your Benched Pokémon, you may use this Ability. If you do, you win this game.
1517	4	HAND	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, and if you have 35 or more cards in your hand, you may use this Ability. If you do, you win this game.
1518	4	MISSING	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, and if your opponent has 12 or more Supporter cards in the Lost Zone, you may use this Ability. If you do, you win this game.
1519	4	Shady Tail	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, (Prism Star) Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) can't attack and have no Abilities.
1520	4	Vessel of Life	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard all cards attached to this Pokémon and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon as a Pokémon Tool card. When the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out, your opponent takes 1 fewer Prize card.
1521	4	Distortion Door	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may put it onto your Bench. If you do, put 1 damage counter on 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
1522	4	Mirror Counter	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an attack from your opponent's Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), put damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon equal to the damage done to this Pokémon.
1523	4	Charging Up	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
1524	4	Sturdy	If this Pokémon has full HP and would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, this Pokémon is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10.
1525	4	Hard Shell Evolution	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by your opponent's attacks until the end of your opponent's next turn.
1526	4	Lost Out	If your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from this Pokémon's attacks, put that Pokémon and all cards attached to it in the Lost Zone instead of the discard pile.
1527	4	Exoskeleton	This Pokémon takes 30 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1528	4	Double Drive	This Pokémon may have up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards attached to it. If it loses this Ability, discard Pokémon Tool cards from it until only 1 remains.
1529	4	Mysterious Guidance	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 Item cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1530	4	Path of Life	Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to become your Active Pokémon, you may move any number of Energy from your other Pokémon to it.
1531	4	Mysterious Buzz	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, whenever your opponent plays a Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to your Fairy Pokémon in play.
1532	4	Effect Spore	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Asleep.
1533	4	Charmed Charm	Whenever you attach a Pokémon Tool card that has "Fairy Charm" in its name from your hand to this Pokémon during your turn, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Confused.
1534	4	Happiness Supplement	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove a Special Condition from your Active Pokémon.
1535	4	Almighty Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put any Stage 1 card from your hand onto this Pokémon to evolve it. You can't use this Ability during your first turn or the turn this Pokémon was put into play.
1536	4	Unit Color 1	As long as this Pokémon has Unit Energy GrassFireWater attached to it, it is a Grass, Fire, and Water Pokémon.
1537	4	Unit Color 3	As long as this Pokémon has Unit Energy FightingDarknessFairy attached to it, it is a Fighting, Darkness, and Fairy Pokémon.
1538	4	Mountain Pass	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your hand, you may reveal it. If you do, look at the top card of your opponent's deck and put this Pokémon in the Lost Zone. If that card is a Supporter card, you may put it in the Lost Zone. If your opponent has no cards in their deck, you can't use this Ability.
1539	4	Grass Cushion	If this Pokémon has any Grass Energy attached to it, it takes 30 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1540	4	Panic Spores	Put 2 damage counters on your opponent's Confused Pokémon between turns.
1541	4	Roaring Resolve	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 2 damage counters on this Pokémon. If you do, search your deck for up to 2 Fire Energy cards and attach them to this Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
1542	4	Nine Temptations	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard 2 Fire Energy cards from your hand. If you do, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
1543	4	Floating Shell	If you have a Stadium card in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1544	4	Powerful Squall	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 6 cards of your deck and attach any number of Water Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
1545	4	Blizzard Veil	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent plays a Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to your Benched Water Pokémon.
1546	4	Electro Shaker	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may move any number of Lightning Energy from your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
1547	4	Nuzzly Gathering	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Pokémon that has the Nuzzle attack, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1548	4	Dance of the Ancients	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may choose 2 of your Benched Pokémon and attach a Lightning Energy card from your discard pile to each of them. If you do, discard all cards from this Pokémon and put it in the Lost Zone.
1549	4	Queen's Call	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Pokémon that isn't a Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-{EX}, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1550	4	Poison Sacs	The Special Condition Poisoned is not removed when your opponent's Pokémon evolve or devolve.
1551	4	Scoop-Up Block	Your opponent's Pokémon that have any damage counters on them, and any cards attached to those Pokémon, can't be put into your opponent's hand.
1552	4	Magic Odds	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by your opponent's attacks if that damage is exactly 10, 30, 50, 70, 90, 110, 130, 150, 170, 190, 210, 230, or 250.
1553	4	Cosmic Guard	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks (both yours and your opponent's).
1554	4	Fossil Bind	As long as you have fewer Pokémon in play than your opponent, they can't play any Item cards from their hand.
1555	4	Fossilized Memories	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play any Supporter cards from their hand.
1556	4	Twilight Eyes	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may discard an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
1557	4	Adventurous Appetite	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may look at the top 6 cards of your opponent's deck and discard any number of Item cards you find there. Your opponent shuffles the other cards back into their deck.
1558	4	Dark Ambition	If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, its Retreat Cost is Colorless more.
1559	4	Scar Charge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 3 damage counters on this Pokémon. If you do, search your deck for up to 3 Darkness Energy cards and attach them to this Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
1560	4	Stellar Wish	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck, reveal a Trainer card you find there, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle the other cards back into your deck, and this Pokémon is now Asleep.
1561	4	Heatproof	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Fire Pokémon.
1562	4	Metal Symbol	Each of your Pokémon that has any Metal Energy attached to it can't be affected by any Special Conditions. Remove any Special Conditions affecting those Pokémon.
1563	4	Royal Guard	This Pokémon takes 40 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1564	4	Key of Secrets	Each of your Metal Pokémon's Resistance is now -40.
1565	4	Luminous Barrier	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-{EX}.
1566	4	Defensive Scales	Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to this Pokémon.
1567	4	Fast Call	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1568	4	Air Mail	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top 2 cards of your deck and put 1 of them into your hand. Put the other card on the bottom of your deck.
1569	4	Pupate	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon and put it onto this Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
1570	4	Emerge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon and put it onto this Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
1571	4	Irresistible Aroma	Once during your turn (before your attack), if your opponent's Bench isn't full, you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent reveals their hand. Put a Basic Pokémon you find there onto their Bench.
1572	4	Varied Pollen	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, choose Asleep, Burned, Confused, or Poisoned. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
1573	4	Strong Cheer	Your Pokémon's attacks do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't apply more than 1 Strong Cheer Ability at a time.
1574	4	Roast Reveal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Fire Energy card from your hand. If you do, draw 3 cards.
1575	4	Solid Shell	This Pokémon takes 20 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1576	4	Solid Shell	This Pokémon takes 30 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1577	4	Round 'n' Round	You can use this Ability only if you go second. Once during your first turn (before your attack), you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Confused.
1578	4	Dedechange	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard your hand and draw 6 cards. You can't use more than 1 Dedechange Ability each turn.
1579	4	Battery	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach this card from your hand to 1 of your Vikavolt or Vikavolt-GX as a Special Energy card. This card provides 2 Lightning Energy only while it's attached to a Pokémon.
1580	4	Stealthy Body	If there is any Stadium card in play, this Pokémon has no Weakness.
1581	4	Sound Veil	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon until the end of your opponent's next turn.
1582	4	Swelling Spite	When this Pokémon is Knocked Out, search your deck for up to 2 Haunter and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
1583	4	Shadow Pain	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 6 damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX in any way you like.
1584	4	Hypnotic Pendulum	When your opponent's Active Pokémon is Knocked Out, flip a coin. If heads, choose which of your opponent's Benched Pokémon becomes their new Active Pokémon.
1585	4	Detention Gas	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Basic Pokémon between turns.
1586	4	Mind Report	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may put a Supporter card from your discard pile on top of your deck.
1587	4	Bench Barrier	Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon by your opponent's attacks.
1588	4	Mysterious Message	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw cards until you have 7 cards in your hand. If you drew any cards in this way, this Pokémon is Knocked Out.
1589	4	Resetting Hole	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may discard any Stadium card in play. If you do, discard this Pokémon and all cards attached to it.
1590	4	Underground Work	If you discard this Pokémon with the effect of Giovanni's Exile, discard the top card of your opponent's deck.
1591	4	Free Flight	If this Pokémon has no Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
1592	4	Bratty Kick	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
1593	4	Wall of Stone	If your opponent has 3 or fewer Prize cards remaining, this Pokémon's maximum HP is 200.
1594	4	Ruler of the Night	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't play any Pokémon Tool, Special Energy, or Stadium cards from their hand.
1595	4	Greedy Evolution	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may look at the top 6 cards of your deck and attach any number of Darkness Energy cards you find there to this Pokémon. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
1596	4	Building Spite	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 1 damage counter on this Pokémon.
1597	4	Intimidating Fang	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Active Pokémon's attacks do 20 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1598	4	Hair Wall	Your Metal Pokémon take 10 less damage from your opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1599	4	Fast-Flight Configuration	If your opponent has any Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1600	4	Metal Eater	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Metal Pokémon from your hand. If you do, heal 100 damage from this Pokémon.
1601	4	Excitable Draw	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, shuffle your hand into your deck and then draw 6 cards. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
1602	4	Fairy Feast	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 30 damage from each of your Fairy Pokémon.
1603	4	Fluffy Cotton	If any damage is done to this Pokémon by attacks, flip a coin. If heads, prevent that damage.
1604	4	Gathering of Cats	Ignore all Energy in the attack costs of each of your Pokémon in play that has the Caturday attack.
1605	4	Cat Walk	Once during your turn (before your attack), if 1 of your Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX was Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You can't use more than 1 Cat Walk Ability each turn.
1606	4	Crazy Code	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Special Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
1607	4	Lazy Eating	Between turns, heal 10 damage from this Pokémon.
1608	4	Playhouse Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, heal 60 damage from 1 of your Pokémon. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
1609	4	Force Canceler	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, prevent all effects of your opponent's GX attacks, including damage, done to your Pokémon.
1610	4	Swaddling Leaves	This Pokémon takes 10 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1611	4	Swaddling Leaves	This Pokémon takes 30 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1612	4	Blanket Weaver	Your Grass Pokémon take 40 less damage from your opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't apply more than 1 Blanket Weaver Ability at a time.
1613	4	Shell Armor	This Pokémon takes 30 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1614	4	Bursting Spores	Whenever you play a Pokémon that has the Spore attack from your hand during your turn, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Asleep and Poisoned.
1615	4	Queenly Reward	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Grass Energy card from your discard pile to your Active Pokémon.
1616	4	Burning Road	Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to become your Active Pokémon, you may move any number of Fire Energy from your other Pokémon to it.
1617	4	Mermaid's Call	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put a Misty's Favor card from your discard pile into your hand.
1618	4	Ancient Custom	Pokémon Tool cards attached to your opponent's Pokémon have no effect.
1619	4	Pure Heart	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX.
1620	4	Emergency Exit	If this Pokémon has 2 or fewer Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
1621	4	Double Type	As long as this Pokémon is in play, it is Lightning and Metal type.
1622	4	Electric Swamp	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your hand and you have at least 4 Lightning Energy cards in play, you may play this Pokémon onto your Bench. If you do, move any number of Lightning Energy from your other Pokémon to this Pokémon.
1623	4	Perfection	This Pokémon can use the attacks of any Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX on your Bench or in your discard pile. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
1624	4	Ominous Posture	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
1625	4	Peppy Pick	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into their deck. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
1626	4	Power Bind	If you have 4 or fewer Pokémon in play, this Pokémon can't attack.
1627	4	Psychic Zone	Don't apply Psychic Weakness when Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) take damage from attacks.
1628	4	Tag Transport	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may switch your Active TAG TEAM Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
1629	4	Secret Territory	If you have Mesprit and Azelf in play, apply Weakness for each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) as ×4 instead.
1630	4	Dimension Breach	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard a Special Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
1631	4	Durable Blade	If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put it into your hand instead of the discard pile. (Discard all cards attached to it.)
1632	4	Primal Winds	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Basic Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless more.
1633	4	Avenging Aura	If you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent, this Pokémon's attacks do 80 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1634	4	Tag Coach	Your TAG TEAM Pokémon take 20 less damage from your opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1635	4	Cellular Companions	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, your Zygarde's and Zygarde-GX's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1636	4	Shadow Connection	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move a basic Darkness Energy from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
1637	4	Captivating Wink	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may have your opponent reveal their hand and put any number of Basic Pokémon you find there onto their Bench.
1638	4	Prowl	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1639	4	Hurricane Charge	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Water Energy card, a Lightning Energy card, or 1 of each from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
1640	4	Grind Up	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard any Stadium card in play. If you do, attach up to 3 in any combination of Fire and Metal Energy cards from your hand to this Pokémon.
1641	4	Ultra Conversion	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard an Ultra Beast card from your hand. If you do, draw 3 cards.
1642	4	Counterattack	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 4 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
1643	4	Unaware	Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to this Pokémon.
1644	4	Snack Search	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, put a card from your discard pile on top of your deck. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
1645	4	Hearing	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may draw a card.
1646	4	Drowsing	If this Pokémon remains Asleep between turns, put 6 damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
1647	4	Burning Road	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon was on the Bench and became your Active Pokémon this turn, you may move any number of {R} Energy attached to your Pokémon to this Pokémon.
1648	4	Primal Winds	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Basic Pokémon's attacks cost {C} more.
1649	4	Electromagnetic Wall	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card from their hand to 1 of their Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
1650	4	Last Pattern	If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, discard 2 random cards from your opponent's hand.
1651	4	Surrender Now	Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is discarded with the effect of Jessie & James, you may have your opponent discard a card from their hand. (They discard that card after the effect of Jessie & James.)
1652	4	Shining Vine	Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, when you attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to it, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
1653	4	Fragrant Flower Garden	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 30 damage from each of your Pokémon.
1654	4	Swaying Strangle	Your opponent's Pokémon that are affected by Special Conditions can't retreat.
1655	4	Seasonal Blessings	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw a card.
1656	4	Beast Boost	This Pokémon's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon for each Prize card you have taken (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1657	4	Power Cheer	The attacks of your Pokémon-GX in play that evolve from Eevee do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't apply more than 1 Power Cheer Ability at a time.
1658	4	Victory Heal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 20 damage from 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
1659	4	Explosive Fire Dance	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may look at the top 8 cards of your deck and attach any number of basic Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
1660	4	Flaming Shot	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Fire Energy card from your hand. If you do, put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1661	4	Snowed In	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks (both yours and your opponent's).
1662	4	Vitality Cheer	Your Pokémon-GX in play that evolve from Eevee get +60 HP. You can't apply more than 1 Vitality Cheer Ability at a time.
1663	4	Whirlpool Suction	Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may have your opponent switch their Active Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Pokémon. If you do, discard all cards attached to this Pokémon and put it on the bottom of your deck.
1664	4	Scatter	At the end of your opponent's turn, if this Pokémon has any damage counters on it, flip a coin. If tails, shuffle this Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your deck.
1665	4	Call Signal	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for up to 3 Supporter cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. If you searched your deck in this way, this Pokémon is Knocked Out.
1666	4	Speed Cheer	The attacks of your Pokémon-GX in play that evolve from Eevee cost Colorless less. You can't apply more than 1 Speed Cheer Ability at a time.
1667	4	Blinking Lights	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top card of your opponent's deck.
1668	4	Blow-Away Bomb	Once during your turn, when you discard this Pokémon with the effect of Roxie, you may put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon. (Place damage counters after the effect of Roxie.)
1669	4	Spiritborne Evolution	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard 3 cards from your hand. If you do, search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon and put it onto this Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
1670	4	Grim Marking	If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put 4 damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon in any way you like.
1671	4	Dance of Tribute	Once during your turn (before your attack), if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn, you may draw 3 cards. You can't use more than 1 Dance of Tribute Ability each turn.
1672	4	Shadow Box	Pokémon-GX that have any damage counters on them (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities.
1673	4	Blessing of the Moone	Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Solgaleo in play, you may search your deck for up to 2 Energy cards and attach them to your Solgaleo or Lunala in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
1674	4	Obnoxious Whirring	Whenever your opponent plays a Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Pokémon.
1675	4	Dusty Defense	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, all of your Pokémon take 30 less damage from your opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1676	4	Bulldoze	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a card, shuffle your deck, then put that card on top of it.
1677	4	Boiling Blood	If your opponent has any Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX in play, this Pokémon's attacks cost ColorlessColorlessColorless less.
1678	4	Smug Face	Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by your opponent's TAG TEAM Pokémon and Ultra Beasts, and by your opponent's Pokémon that have any Special Energy attached to them.
1679	4	Armor of the Sunne	If you have Lunala in play, your Solgaleo and Lunala take 50 less damage from your opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't apply more than 1 Armor of the Sunne Ability at a time.
1680	4	Growing Up	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to your Active Pokémon. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
1681	4	Flower Picking	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into their deck.
1682	4	Flower Picking	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may choose 2 random cards from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals those cards and shuffles them into their deck.
1683	4	Violent Appetite	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Pokémon from your hand. If you do, heal 60 damage from this Pokémon.
1684	4	Fighter's Roar	If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX, this Pokémon can evolve during the turn you play it.
1685	4	Ultra Burst	This Pokémon can't attack unless your opponent has 2 or fewer Prize cards remaining.
1686	4	Sleepy Voice	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Asleep. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
1687	4	Scampering Tail	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put the top card of your opponent's deck on the bottom of their deck without looking at it.
1688	4	Arf Arf Bark	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may discard an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon. If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may discard an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
1689	4	Carry and Run	As long as this Pokémon is on your Bench, your Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost is ColorlessColorless less.
1690	4	Disk Reload	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may draw cards until you have 5 cards in your hand.
1691	4	Double Type	As long as this Pokémon is in play, it is {P} and {F} type.
1692	4	Shining Vine	Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, when you attach a {G} Energy card from your hand to it, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
1693	4	Flaming Shot	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a {R} Energy card from your hand. If you do, put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1694	4	Voltage Beat	Once during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 Grass Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
1695	4	Bug's Radar	Once during your turn, you may look at the top 3 cards of your opponent's deck and put them back in any order.
1696	4	Libero	Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may attach up to 2 Fire Energy cards from your discard pile to it.
1697	4	Poison Point	If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if it is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned.
1698	4	Shady Dealings	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for a Trainer card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1699	4	Shady Dealings	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 Trainer cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1700	4	Ice Dance	As often as you like during your turn, you may attach a Water Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Water Pokémon.
1701	4	Pastel Veil	Your Pokémon recover from all Special Conditions and can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
1702	4	Life Shaker	As often as you like during your turn, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Psychic Pokémon to another of your Psychic Pokémon.
1703	4	Watch Over	Once during your turn, you may heal 20 damage from your Active Pokémon.
1704	4	Sand Sac	This Pokémon takes 30 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1705	4	Headbutt Tantrum	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1706	4	Untamed Shout	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
1707	4	More Poison	Put 2 more damage counters on your opponent's Poisoned Pokémon during Pokémon Checkup.
1708	4	Steely Spirit	Your Metal Pokémon's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1709	4	Snap Trap	If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if it is Knocked Out), discard an Energy from the Attacking Pokémon.
1710	4	Intrepid Sword	Once during your turn, you may look at the top 3 cards of your deck and attach any number of Metal Energy cards you find there to this Pokémon. Put the other cards into your hand. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
1711	4	Dauntless Shield	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon VMAX.
1712	4	Make Do	You must discard a card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may draw 2 cards.
1713	4	Primate Wisdom	Once during your turn, you may switch a card from your hand with the top card of your deck.
1714	4	Top Entry	Once during your turn, if you drew this Pokémon from your deck at the beginning of your turn and your Bench isn't full, before you put it into your hand, you may put it onto your Bench.
1715	4	Happy Match	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may put a Supporter card from your discard pile into your hand.
1716	4	Apple Drop	Once during your turn, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If you placed any damage counters in this way, shuffle this Pokémon and all attached cards into your deck.
1717	4	Delicious Aroma	Once during your turn, you may flip a coin. If heads, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Basic Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
1718	4	Warming Up	If this Pokémon has a Burning Scarf attached, it gets +100 HP.
1719	4	Protective Glow	All of your Pokémon that have Energy attached have no Weakness.
1720	4	Field Runner	If a Stadium is in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
1721	4	Screen Cleaner	Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to all of your Pokémon that have Energy attached. (Existing effects are not removed.)
1722	4	Ice Face	If this Pokémon has full HP, it takes 60 less damage from your opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1723	4	Cold Absorption	Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon during your turn, heal 30 damage from it.
1724	4	Counterattack Kerzap	If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if it is Knocked Out), flip 3 coins. For each heads, put 3 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
1725	4	Prankish	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon on top of their deck.
1726	4	Perish Body	If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is Knocked Out.
1727	4	Counterattack	If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if it is Knocked Out), put 3 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
1728	4	Mind Hat	Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Each player discards a card from their hand. (Your opponent discards first.)
1729	4	Infiltrator	If any damage is done to this Pokémon by attacks, flip a coin. If heads, prevent that damage.
1730	4	Tar Generator	Once during your turn, you may attach a Fire Energy card, a Fighting Energy card, or 1 of each from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
1731	4	Iron Defense Formation	All of your Pokémon that have "Falinks" in their name take 20 less damage from your opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1732	4	Neutralizing Gas	As long as this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, your opponent's Pokémon in play have no Abilities, except for Neutralizing Gas.
1733	4	Poisonous Puddle	Once during your turn, if a Stadium is in play, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Poisoned.
1734	4	Dark Oath	As long as this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, your opponent's Active Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless more.
1735	4	Evolution Roar	You must discard 2 cards from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may search your deck for a Galarian Perrserker, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1736	4	Big Shield	All of your Pokémon take 30 less damage from your opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't apply more than 1 Big Shield Ability at a time.
1737	4	Lucky Match	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may flip a coin. If heads, put a Supporter card from your discard pile into your hand.
1738	4	Greedy Tail	Once during your turn, you may search your deck for a Pokémon Tool card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
1739	4	Soft Wool	This Pokémon takes 30 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1740	1	Energy Burn	As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
1741	4	Scornful Storm	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have your opponent discard cards from his or her hand until he or she has 4 cards left in his or her hand.
1742	4	Grit	If this Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, each of its attacks does 40 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
1743	4	Burning Draft	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Fighting or Fire Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
1744	4	Power Saver	If there are 4 or fewer Team Aqua Pokémon in play, this Pokémon can't attack.
1745	4	Sludge Festival	The Retreat Cost of each Pokémon in play (except for Team Aqua Pokémon) is Colorless more.
1746	4	Magma Switch	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move a basic Energy from 1 of your Pokémon to 1 of your Team Magma Pokémon.
1747	4	Power Saver	If there are 4 or fewer Team Magma Pokémon in play, this Pokémon can't attack.
1748	4	Aqua Search	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Team Aqua Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
1749	4	Table Service	Once during your turn (before your attack), you may heal 30 damage from 1 of your Pokémon.
1750	4	Security Guard	As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, all of your Pokémon take 30 less damage from your opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1751	4	Evasion Jutsu	If any damage is done to this Pokémon by attacks, flip a coin. If heads, prevent that damage.
1752	4	Pantomime	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may switch 1 of your face-down Prize cards with the top card of your deck.
1753	1	Prehistoric Power	No more Evolution cards can be played. This power stops working while Aerodactyl is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed
1754	4	Sky Circus	If you played Bird Keeper from your hand during this turn, ignore all Energy in this Pokémon's attack costs.
1755	4	Deep Forest Camo	Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon V and Pokémon-GX.
1756	4	Double Type	As long as this Pokémon is in play, it is Fire and Fighting type.
1757	4	Scorching Feathers	If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is damaged by an attack from your opponent's Pokémon (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Burned.
1758	4	Shuffle Dance	Once during your turn, you may switch 1 of your opponent's face-down Prize cards with the top card of their deck. (The cards stay face down.)
1759	4	Bright Heal	Once during your turn, you may heal 20 damage from each of your Pokémon.
1760	4	Bitter Cold	Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
1761	4	Primal Law	As long as this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, your opponent can't play any Pokémon from their hand to evolve their Pokémon.
1762	4	Biting Whirlpool	Whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card from their hand to 1 of their Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
1763	4	Heal Jamming	Your opponent's Benched Pokémon can't be healed.
1764	4	Tea Break	You must discard a Pokémon that has the Mad Party attack from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may draw 2 cards.
1765	4	Labyrinth of Sand	As long as this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, your opponent's Active Pokémon can't retreat.
1766	4	Resistance Shade	If you have Lunatone in play, your opponent's Pokémon in play have no Resistance.
1767	4	Rapid-Fire Poison	Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Poisoned.
1768	4	Spider Net	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Evolution Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
1769	4	Dark Asset	When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand. You can't use more than 1 Dark Asset Ability each turn.
1770	4	Darkness Guard	If this Pokémon has any Darkness Energy attached, it takes 20 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
1771	4	Limber	This Pokémon can't be Paralyzed.
1772	4	Dark Squall	As often as you like during your turn, you may attach a Darkness Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
1773	4	Eternal Zone	If all of your Pokémon in play are Darkness type, you can have up to 8 Pokémon on your Bench, and you can't put non-Darkness Pokémon into play. (If this Ability stops working, discard Pokémon from your Bench until you have 5.)
1774	4	Sturdy	If this Pokémon has full HP and would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, it is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10.
1775	4	Metal Skin	This Pokémon gets +20 HP for each Metal Energy attached to it.
1776	4	Antibacterial Skin	This Pokémon can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
1777	4	Final Dig	If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, discard the top 2 cards of your opponent's deck.
1778	4	Flying Taxi	When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 1 of your Pokémon, except any Corviknight, and all attached cards into your hand.