id_card_rule	text
1	Attach Amulet Coin to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
2	Attach Balloon Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
3	Attach Bench Shield to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
4	Attach Bubble Coat to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
5	Attach Buffer Piece to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
6	Attach Cessation Crystal to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Cessation Crystal is attached to is a Pokémon-ex, discard this card.
7	Attach Crystal Shard to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
8	Attach Curse Powder to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Curse Powder is attached to is a Basic Pokémon or Pokémon-ex, discard Curse Powder.
9	Attach Energy Link to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
10	Attach Energy Root to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has Dark or an owner in its name) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Energy Root is attached to is Pokémon-ex or has Dark or an owner in its name, discard Energy Root.
11	Attach EXP. ALL to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
12	Attach Expert Belt to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
13	Attach Fluffy Berry to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has Dark or an owner in its name) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Fluffy Berry is attached to is Pokémon-ex or has Dark or an owner in its name, discard Fluffy Berry.
14	Attach Leftovers to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
15	Attach Lucky Egg to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
16	Attach Lum Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
17	Attach Memory Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
18	Attach Mysterious Shard to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Mysterious Shard is attached to is a Pokémon-ex, discard this card.
19	Attach Oran Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
20	Attach Protective Orb to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Protective Orb is attached to is a Basic Pokémon or Pokémon-ex, discard Protective Orb.
21	Attach Sitrus Berry to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has Dark or an owner in its name) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Sitrus Berry is attached to is Pokémon-ex or has Dark or an owner in its name, discard Sitrus Berry.
22	Attach Solid Rage to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Solid Rage is attached to is a Basic Pokémon or Pokémon-ex, discard Solid Rage.
23	Attach Strength Charm to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
24	Attach Team Aqua Belt to 1 of your Pokémon with Team Aqua in its name that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
25	Attach Team Galactic's Invention G-101 Energy Gain to 1 of your Pokémon SP that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. When the Pokémon this card is attached to is no longer a Pokémon SP, discard this card.
26	Attach Team Magma Belt to 1 of your Pokémon with Team Magma in its name that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
27	Attach this card to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name) in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Ancient Technical Machine (Ice).
28	Attach this card to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name) in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Ancient Technical Machine (Rock).
29	Attach this card to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name) in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Ancient Technical Machine (Steel).
30	Attach this card to 1 of your Pokémon that has Team Aqua in its name. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Team Aqua Technical Machine 01.
31	This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play.
32	This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
33	This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it is another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can’t play this card.
34	You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokemon. When your turn ends, discard it.
35	You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card.
36	You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, put this card into your hand instead of discarding it.
37	You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
38	You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
39	You may play only 1 Supporter card during your turn (before your attack).
40	You may play only 1 Supporter card during your turn.
41	You may use this card only if you have more Prize cards left than your opponent.
42	Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it.
43	(Pokémon Tool Flare Rule) Attach this Pokémon Tool to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon-EX that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it.
44	Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
45	You can’t have more than 1 ACE SPEC card in your deck.
46	You can't have more than 1 ◇ card with the same name in your deck. If a ◇ card would go to the discard pile, put it in the Lost Zone instead.